You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see you as a farmer. I can see with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you today about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that you get to somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's a painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollyington.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio.
When they were beating up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the Lord Point who said, "I need to see you.
I'm described that we were never going to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interested it, and we cared about it, and we love her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as a adults came to meet me, he became a chief box and was put into my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed into a circle -- and that epidemic that I spoke to you about was present in itself.
The explosion is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first shortesters.
I was amazed.
My heart quickly, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shoes around me would get out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a piece of snow on another single year after year.
The shoes are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each lamp has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back and stay up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a drug of dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a shop, that are slightly isolated and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I am about to photograph these shoes as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these moments there are just that way and not going to exist that way again.
It's not the death when you melt it, it's not an end, but a continuum of your path for the cycle of life.
Some of the iceberg ice that photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures that I'd like to show you are a show that I photographed in Kelly, Greenland.
It's very often to get a rolling shop.
Here you are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your long-term line.
You can see here, start rolling up, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland shopping, average size.
It's about the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so non-state, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them will have a baby.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of these people come and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity, I have two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy story.
I'm a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- -- of human bodies and animals -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they thought about about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist of activist -- as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with the twin twins, two people inside of a body.
I've worked with people with environment, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of attached sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it international.
The interaction adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into the common or male forms or female shapes.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray charge of the crisis of the chromosome and tells the protests, that we all have in the family life, which is resistant.
And then, in the family life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone. The body doesn't react to the same.
It's the synapse syndrome to the antenna.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a result, the body is developed by following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby is a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the mentor period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarians and terrorists, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called the supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce antibiotics, the hormone of machine.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their chemical structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and respond to the antenna.
As a result, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the antennaes than the woman born with testicles that have the synesthesia synesthesia to the antellights.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the institutions are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised like various variety, and he had a little girl, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and he had just discovered that he had ovarians and the terrible.
It had an extreme shape of a disease known as a super-sumplest hypertext.
He had 20th chromosomes and the stranger glands were so active that they were essentially creating a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genius were made, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal memory, when doctors discovered that in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interaction.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what is known as obstacles, which is to say, they have civic tissue wrapped on tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- -- it's an extension, simple twin or international terrible -- they commit to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- it's supposed to be a black thing to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categories.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture vis-a-vis individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very romantic individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside the same body.
The longest case is last year with the South African corridor, Catalifice Semisangle, put his sex trial on the International Games in Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask yourself, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carl Sem is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't map a line between men and women or between men and internal women and women and international -- we're who we plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the further the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are confused directly with stable industrial categories -- are much more different than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get into a hidden terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we think about the fact that we can do that in just a few nuclears?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we were going to are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all sorts of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the fish.
There are very expensive arguments today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to watch them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you move you still didn't write it.
If he stopped moving the button.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this capacity explosion could make someone like me.
I am a progressive, and I am a program, making people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To be that these categories are much more unstable.
Think about the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am an adaptable fervent of the Fathers Foundation.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much by watching that music correct 1760, and not by the music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1760 with the fathers Facebooks.
The founding fathers were to me, the first activists in the anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful, and it was kept for 200 years.
And as everyone remember, what our Foundations were rejected was the idea of the monarch. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy at all.
The monsters of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the right of blood transferred from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founders Parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They sent the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not an anatomical difference. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an informed system in which two things were going on.
The democracy was spending democracy and at the same time the science.
And it is very clear, if we look at the history of the Foundations Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were away from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of subtle power transmitted by a vague idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look at it, for example, the Declaration of Independence talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were tracking the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting on the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
I then came the Civil Rights movement of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sweden Tribe cable, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men at the pictures of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that applied to the anatomical coincidence of anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence. We have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should get back to the anatomy to the analogy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were allowed to allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are wired at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these concentrated in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the March 1, 1980.
By the fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to bleached.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We find other rances in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now is a passion of mandatory electronics that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on its part, not the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science moves so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a treaty-based democracy could demonstrate?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time I feel like science is scaled up.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
So for example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have a chromosome -- and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't do dramatic tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you to the beginning of the synapse of the inspiration to the antenna.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have Dream" offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character, they will go beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks really good.
But in practice, how do you do this?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know some of the things that are probably going to deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also mean that maybe some of the things that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in the future.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still giving up this thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless he's willing to be willing to get a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made birth light so much to then separate them and so to accept his fame.
But when the phone asked her the reason for the operation, he was a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these children would be very malaria, and so he had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, in closing, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might be, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the graduate one, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered a feminist -- it made me a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminist is fearing."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I thought about his question, the more it has seemed like there is something female in feminist.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while the parents were very close to finding a way to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with recognizer.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analogy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect together, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work and have the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract again.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine half the people who want to live in apartments already were properties and the other half still missing it to do it.
You could try to increase capacity by making amplitations in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you would face is that these buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the mobile and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amputees.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place they facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jaren and Older were thinking about the challenge of refusing Hondurary.
They knew that every year about 75,000 horizons would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hans went through a desertific constitutional crisis.
In the next few regular elections, Peter wolves was automatically imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Olive to be his head of gain.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of the more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies as the rules to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guardian sent him a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's pay this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their own monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City -- see, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Oliver, said, Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very low city is a place where you start with delivered land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hondurans called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Tenage and talk about new and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denning, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
This airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
The whole world is completely clapping.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of TEDTalk Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained essentially, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honduras.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Hondura government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries associated with helping them to establish and make the status rules so that everybody could trust that the status effectively comes up.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to disseminate their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional ship was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, shown it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17, again again in another voting in a volume of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21, the 21st to February 24, a deliberation of about 30 horizons went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is being built in South Korea. It's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after you spent four years getting the permission.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and they would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban artificials and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that we've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediate elsewhere.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to win money for just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you seem to think about building a new city in Hollywood?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred people around the world?
What do you seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistances?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horizontal friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public trust, and it is that, living obsessed with travels.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog barrels arrested, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
My whole clothes is a second hand of stone markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my sports in the environment and in my board.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my street?
Would I like color.
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the subject of my voice, I want to tell you what I bought for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do anyone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner underwear, and nothing else.
In the exact process of exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Spirits.
And because they don't know me like the woman walking by TED in underwear.  That means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I would believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, it cost me 55, and it's the most expensive I've ever used in the week.
The color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Two: The integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand, you will also appreciate you.
Microsofts: Guard of the child that you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the democracy, or I remind you about their little seven-year-old little senior.
I like to go and say, "Thank you."
Jerusalem: trust is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewerheas: A universal truth six words for you: the golden legislations go with everything.
And finally, sandwich: developing a personal and unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people were approached this week, just because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to give everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to put myself emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we used a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you play your brain on this scale?
Some of these things were going to come up with one of these extremes but I think for most of the integrations in this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great application in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most other experimental physicists, we need a lot of logic to fight these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you may have developed with the step of the years is that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion of it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always stops.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars playing with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
And at that point, the physics was a few years ago. I needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one ever saw a particle.
But it was not quite attached to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then should it not all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical room.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's just at the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal trade.
What we see is a little bit of metal piece of metal, and it will be supported by a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way as a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of ball of swimming, which is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel of the incredible objects of inanimate objects are not just people, it's the light that pushes it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator alone, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, he was vibrating. And the way he looked at it was like a breathing in this form -- like a fuel that expands and contract.
And by giving a smooth short, we could make it vibrating and not vibrating at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing visible and doesn't go at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the billions of atoms that make that metal piece are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're disabled.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth me in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was deployed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And that's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all of the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that quantum mechanics is all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all things that surround you, they literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amily.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demand.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It was a great education -- I didn't complain. But I had no access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have carried out from their launch.
So just just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's Funeral Gallery, the MoMA -- the European, the Risease, the Van Gaga.
I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metroida, the New York City art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and click, we are already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open up the bottom of the top, and with a single click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They are fun."
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Cold Brad Collisona at Metroggue.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
This is all the information information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click up here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the Giant technology.
So this picture, for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion peace?"
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be deep.
So I started playing play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I spent a little bit, I talked to some people from Metroggue, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "award" -- which is to hit an ear with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get you even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we go quickly again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night starling."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pinks?
And if you want to see how God Gogglem actually created this piece of teacher?
It's going to increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night starlight." I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There's a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The College.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manifest, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Auro," and we just made a hole around.
It's about "The Embarrassions in the National Gallery of London.
You can attach things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you can control these masterpieces of them.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media is just going to be justice to its work of art, and it's actually represented online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum of me?"
And the answer is no.
It's to encourage the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pill.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something very interesting happened in the careers of Fram 1 in the last two decades.
Now some time ago, if you wanted to win a Freeman career, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the career.
This is what engineering system is called a real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an activist.
What is interesting is that the real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronic people.
They're becoming computer outdoors computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
Control cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these decisions and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestin Alice for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called Tasmanian "Tenth And The National Time."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to you.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and active.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michael Angeles.
You know, when Michelangelo screen scaled the Mosses, it says that at the end I took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- and you can still see a little brilliant bottle -- and he said, "What do you do not watch?" -- why don't you talk to you?"
Well, today, our environment starts to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and getting something.
Let's start with the detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup to win.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zine he gave the head.
And anyway, they won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colliso in the middle and the Twitter River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people here and then making calls moving around.
It starts the particular stage. silence.
Greek from France, Golding of Italy.
Truly -- people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First extra time. second.
Zipmin, and in a moment, the head.
winning Italy, yeah.
That night everyone went to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circumstance Massica, where the room raised, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the province of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they support.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to trace the trash in their deployment by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year, to tag what they were running away, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you can ever throw up.
Then we put a little chip off, a tag on the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Starting from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
complicated things are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we take is not gone, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we take a day is still there.
And if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Association Birdboard, could tell you a lot more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mention at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of using water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was: how can technology, the new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was -- imagine that they have a chaos and valves, soldier valves that open and shut off.
It creates like a water curve, with water pixels with water.
If you take the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And they set up a commitment to design the building at the expression of the Europe.
We call it Digital Water Page.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows and so when you approach you to open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if you have a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the savings, you go down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all of architecture disappears like this.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and say, "Deal the building."
No, it's not that they have it, but when it goes down almost all of architecture disappear.
Here is working.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not move through testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zarachi came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes, and you had to jump to not move.
(American noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always thinking about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pieces, the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony with others.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light -- not the position of the pills.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very diverse angle.
This is the real Florida controlled, going down to form a V.C., like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolley -- one of the best ballet dancers of the New York City, the Netrogging star of the New York City and the University of Miller, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can turn all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- just like a cloud critic, like the grandmother crack, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody put a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last two decades, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, of self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may be used to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pitted.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pitches.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012, and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in a better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself.
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like to choose if you could choose something?
(Middle from the Audience: Creativity." creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Hands your hand. Let me see.
A few of them probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would choose memory.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about limitation?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world that would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a profound issue here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the topic.
The great generation of the 20th century -- T. Downera, who also ate in the Origami Origura Russia, wrote an essay titled "Non-state in biology, makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an end, it is, of course, the most interests us.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There are maybe 20 or 25 different species of homes.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically intuitive, which comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all lead to the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Perhaps 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antace Daman raises the antibiotic antibiotic -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, free, it's very clear.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that can want no effort to their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force in the back.
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compassion, the animal kingdom, like one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the energy part of this talk, so I hope you have enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choosing and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all of the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two child cells.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable death of death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex, death death, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, I had more doubts.
I got to understand George Burns feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone beat their hotel door at night.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent light dancer.
He looks at it and says, "Come on looking for a sex source."
"It says, "Okay, George, "I chose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradicted, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
He wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass genome into the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbit level, and then let the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woods Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my job.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the faster or even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria that can survive the heat of the females that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish to the vacuum -- yet they've managed to make that a clear environment.
So, what does this mean when we look at what's going on in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look at it, the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been decorated and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have set up our environment so that it was adapted to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, we climb, and we miss so much that no longer is possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, nature, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution will be slowly, but they're intriguing.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we put distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The neurological call -- the new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and familiar levels.
Think about that that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their descendant, but in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 2.0 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome at a cost to 20, and in this one week.
It's not going to be a lot of missing the human genome for 1,000 and getting more and more at the top of it.
These changes come from.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us of themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or don't have an experimental trial in course with the vaccine vaccine in a tobacco plant cells.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the baby?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change your body cells, but if you could change the cells of your declare?
And if you could change the sperm and the volunteers, or change your side recent floor, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove your diabetes, remove your headline, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who don't want more healthy kids.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt super-sumplest supercomputers.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenny mostly if you could get it up with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted evolution from before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to pick up selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, and more uniform or more robust and more vertically?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything -- are we going to be able to develop wisdom and horrifying the wisdom necessary to make these decisions seen?
For good or bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, clich.
Charge, click, click, claim. Sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at the D.C.
It was the only one I could talk about with flight attendances.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot align the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's generally not the route.
The engines off.
Imagine being on a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most dangerous words I've ever heard.
He said, "To prepare for impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is, "Collection wines."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to leverage anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we launched George Washington, which was not for a lot of -- I thought about, "Okay, I really feel a great step.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And then the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels of wonder.
I'm not trying to be right. I chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to stop, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly flight.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of the sea, the sea, die is not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sad was engaged in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent -- yet.  And scream.
And for me, that was the reason for the world.
And at that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And it came to me another gift, which was the chance to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You guys who are flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens to you on your airplane -- and please don't be that -- but imagine and how would you change?
What would you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live for all the time?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can.
Thank you.
I have clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti graduates in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I see Stephen Hawking -- it's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those statistics?"
And he said, "No, unless you be an important one, and you have a very good insurance -- you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Economist and the Marine?"
They communicate in that way -- they go with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can you be?"
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, so this is the thing: Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grade Graph Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser pointer -- they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the Bush attacks and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and so much moving things on one side to another one of us had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking's machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Aduazzan because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from around the world -- mostly from all the corners on the planet.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the garage of back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and analogies took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we were going back to have taken off the walls of the walls and in their place would have graffiti there.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called the Edinburgh "Eigening, and you can see the description of it.
They're a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the taste of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shamam.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- build it yourself, we publish the free code -- the software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says no."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this light and airplane during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, trend sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so it could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the studio outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in parking parking out.
The funny thing was that we had to be built in the parking so that we feel like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater and someone finally came to rescue me and get out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't that wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to travel with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong takes something about us, and then, in December, Time recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the Mozam of the Moore's Gender at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the California."
And Art in the Stanshises," is going to have the best experts from urban art, Bangladesh Sanda, CATDJCK. They're all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Writing -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do when we find something that we feel like to do -- if it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years giving me in very difficult situations and at the same time a little bit dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine. danger.
He filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And it spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are resulting attractives, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little differently.
So, some may have heard of, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an airplane in Ebba.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some of them on Twitter, I was offered to see the right name of my 2012 TEDTalk name.
What I had was this: "All the Stanford Stanford presents -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content could be exploded in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that window I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as I enter the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Seattle, I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded by product and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to be called "The largest movie ever selling."
What happens in "The largest film ever sold is that everything on the top of the bottom of the bottom of the end has brand images, all the time -- from the autonomous that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Cump Stangua, the Stanford Center.
These people are absorbed to the film to permission, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Michael Kaisuma: It's reduced. That's what? MA: It's reduced.
I'm a reduced penis. MK: I just say that. It was more for accomplishments.
It was "Privilege." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure we get all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you've ever led in "The largest film ever sold -- the best term you ever ever drink, color of "The largest film ever sold a slow."
Barack Koran: The idea is that we also show the brands as part of life, make them funding the film? (Music: To make the film fund the film, and we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The full film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert French: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how received people are going to be to that.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if it's very negative, but you know how to remind? (Music: No idea. David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- CO: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult to the meeting with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convinced to a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us as a lot of addicted ideals.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Auroral" -- most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or for being I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. MK: Okay. (Manifest, good. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands markets.
MS: Yeah. (Music: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (CM: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought it turned out the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all of these sudden companies disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to bring the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage mistake and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was not such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this picture.
See, when you look for images of transportation in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your way to rain, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transportation -- free or light -- easily detected or seen -- easily detected or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practice.
You see, hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the name, the name of the name, even the CEOs the name.
But all of a sudden when it comes to actually making it something completely changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still still starts.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
Take an entire bowl of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want to tell you a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at me as I used to do it, and he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bonobo and Richard Kiribati from many years old. I realized that I would have to go on my mind, I would have to take off the interview and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to figure out all of a sudden -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies big, giant -- they say that the reason their films have so much success is due to the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are you supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies?"
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selling."
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie.
Every time I go out, every time I open my bottom, you'll see the Denmark Denmark.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there he would offer one of these fabulous sea.
Both Fundation Florida like "Pearly "People are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, ball, barber, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a perfect look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smallest movies you ever said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remind me Bank to people is the reason that this is interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Super-self-interest technology.
MS: So technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the remote.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh strands.
I think frequency is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the sun."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep it out more free? With better fresh, more fresh times, three times more cold.
Things like those who solve the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-particular company.
What about me? What about a common kind there?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your marker?
Man: Does my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I will revive the 1980s, panic punishment unless it is winner.
MS: Okay, what's the brand Gree?
Greece: something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark gland."
I like the dark colors, so many gray and things like that.
Usually I carry access as sun glasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it car flying.
Woman 2: In part of the hydrogen, in part of Ahma, in part Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market in.
Man 5: So he failed school failure.
Is that something?
lawyer, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be married Tom but I'm often classified in the dark glacier intersection and car flying.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Olympic Zackler in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, Haiti to discover that market personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abraham: Did the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origin and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being about?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why does that serve us?
What's the machine? What phase of population are you right now?
Why is it important to reveal? What represents red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other memories have you have?
You don't have to have fear.
MS: Ahhh! (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience -- (MA: Great job. A: Yes. (CR: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to get out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Line Zachuabrax: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complexity, in your brand personality -- the brand Moroca Sea is a conscious brand.
They remove very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements and you actually give them heart and make them something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are like this?
The first here is the classic one, Apple one.
And you can see here to Tarit, Willar, Minister of Minister Cooking and Tellow.
Now there are positive marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and came in, but a constituent framework is quite powerful.
MS: A scientifical framework. What's your brand.
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a rest attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a decoration attribute?
A little bit more called, reserved, conservative.
And adaptable attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Princeton, contemporary -- adventure, adaptable or bold like Eric Flagilia, quick or billion, professional, dominant, magic or mystical like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than attractive attribute?
Are you conscious like 1973?
Are you established, traditional provider, provider, protection?
Are you confident, stable, family, trustworthy safe, sacred or contemporary or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Adam?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advanced and destroyed, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscientist, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising of the open.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no cards, no flights, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with life problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the most successful are the ones I've been interacting with with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how has it left? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie goes into the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
As Burn as the film is destroyed, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still online. It's not in syndrome.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that we talk about with their customers are not going to be part.
I have always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, you take opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees on the aversion of the risk you're preparing all your company for reaching reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to restore.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving, I think we need to give the fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We open the risk.
From a card at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to force transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We Absett the Transportation has been presented by my good friends of EMV who for 7,000 bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
EM: It makes great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
MRI presents "Transition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 17?"
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED killed organization, the Saltyan Foundation, a capital for 7,000 to be applied to my TED care of the next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise plant in National National.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and valves. We can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows into a portable computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stunny.
We started with a Windows instance.
The eye goes into the gray box -- damage center, and the Iranian nuclear program is demand, missing mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the installed used multiple death vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Studio and we saw what happened with this.
So they were very strange.
Studio was behaving as a rat rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese seats, I realized, and I thought, "This is a right attack.
It's completely distinguish."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Studio does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
better than we would find the goal soon.
So we extracted and we captured the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little one and a big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stunny installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old slide language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can approve or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it is where most infections have been reported in Iran.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant from Bush and the National University plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Make me a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and made them in an effort for holding their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly burn it and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the attack goal was to make it slow and decode in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, the 160 supernova number on that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature on how these centers are built in Natalia, and found that they're structured in what's called a face, and each waterfall contains 164 degrees.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
To make no malaria, it didn't.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in centers and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing to one single thing, but from different angles from it.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and reduced them, and the big lady communicates with six waterfall and manipulating tubes.
In sum we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natali.
We shouldn't worry about other goals to be achieved by Studio.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box and the top of the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and violence sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this false entry data is hardwired by Studio.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds a predictable video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not only to bring the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbines is going on, you have to open escape valve on a millennia.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And no operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It's got nothing to do with centers, specifically with criminal endedicate.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a little attack -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Studio.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, you will end up with a condition of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with a lot of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Roller, it has been done in many sides that people assume that the Mosseux is the main amount behind this.
What's your opinion.
Raley Langu: OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. OK.
My opinion is that the Mosseux is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supply.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for addiction. Thank you, Raley.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you supernatural skills, or another one that makes you use wheelchair underwater and walk back.
In Berkeley Bibles, we call these robots, exhibitions.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force that you also increase your speed, and you help it, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign people.
This is not an irrelevant idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started to start talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a 45-year-old charge of cardiologist, and it's going to be having to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, at 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Portal Cartestors Control Human.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can give you 90 pounds for many hours.
Its flexible design, allows you to put in calls to crawl and run movements with great farming.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Einsteen Leonari: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the way to the wheelchair users -- about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people who are roughly, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years old -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging is very quickly.
Their only option, a lot of times -- by a brain injury, or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been this way for the last 500 years, from their successful, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELGe's the ELG who is using American Amazon who did 19 years ago, and as a result, I couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amazon Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our XLL, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the embroidery computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors in the cards, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural send.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing on the bottom of it.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all of the movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole up to the last puzzle of hope of my self.
The technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to slide down on schools, climb rocks and even ride in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but Amazon, and all the users of wheelchair wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the February of the Arabia or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonds of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their advance.
But unfortunately, we've done too much concrete in this aspect in our human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence has still not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the congestion rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same same sense of a violent conflict that has been propelled by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The trade of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "get love, not war water, because they have fresh sex and shocker and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobos is more than the Kamery Kamer.
Bonish, like humans, love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance, to serve.
We learn how to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots same from laughter and dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a benign ball game, and I don't talk about football, right?
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has the balls of the balls.
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows it -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like testically, and also how game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is politician, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more quiet -- imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where you rediscover wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Furby, a young female -- who's playing with water clearly.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and foreign worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with it, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real symbol of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advancement consumer.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to take away the maximum of our game ability.
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and slowed.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
And so primary companies, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hondu.
When I'm not fighting poverty, fire fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer body body.
And in our city, where volunteers are competing to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the end of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was focused on a conversation with the owner that I certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in pain, shell, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got to get before I was -- call me Lexidolon Luther.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go out and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so slightly.
There was a lawyer or a money management that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a live living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an advance.
He said, "Benches, I need you to have the house.
I need to go up the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen that to that high or less had finished pulling off the fire and entered the main room on a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back on the staircase where I met my NMRI and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We got out of the house the tears for the owner of home where, as it was waiting for her teacher to get much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the owner of house for the brave effort shown to save their house.
The kindness that she watched on the other was that someone had reached a couple of shoes.
And so much in my vote in Robin Hood, as in my volunteer as a volunteer fireman, I'm a generation of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are for achieving the remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining meal, they clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
We're not going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beas: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: movement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things that we are, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LGBT came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly ballistic.
And in a few years, the Lakota bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
So let me just adopt the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turn it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to admit -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead us from a world of aesthetic brick to one other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Little.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little electrical modules are each with a specific function.
They're wired to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong in a wrong way.
The bricks.
The green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with green and very quickly, and you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an internal light.
We add this threshold to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Little Little Liberians are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, bricks allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures to program.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button to be faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks to use.
Light, sounds, solar cells, motor panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Liberians to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator is shaped open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Liberians to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Little Liberals as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and January bottles, we have George creating George.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago we took Liberian Island designers to the Rhode Island design School designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a movement of conflict active movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a landing language that's afraid of darkness.
For these non-violents, Little Little became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be about all of us.
So Little Little has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world where we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment focusing on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of charge.
We can continue to better leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, already I get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to stop. We asked you to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Color for America and would be like a Peace Peace for Technology.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the musicians.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al A.
It's a hydrogen in Boston.
Here it appears as if I looked for a date, but what I really looks for is that someone clean it up when it gets caught by the snow because it knows that it's not very good by getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask this significantly silent way?
Last year, we had a member of Commission members of Computer for America.
They were there in February and at that time was very much last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So it did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, someone can robot.
So it has a playful component of it.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in a viral form.
A responsibility of Hong City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami services.
It's very important that these scanners work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens leave the strength of the short.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean up when it snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, in an organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit about government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that they had done the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that even the moment has cost 2,000 billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests to the better government to work, not like private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Neither as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions in a open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of analyzed institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Colony for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They've never been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMA -- and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Research, which we do together because we can't just can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government ultimately emerges of us -- remember that from "We are the people?" The way of thinking about it will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take care of.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of paradigms.
This is the phone care center of service and information.
It's the place that attends the calls if you get 133 in America.
Scott did this call.
I entered "Jarrett in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the door door, put the music right and see if it goes?"
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the parades.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites called City Connecticut."
We didn't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people at the Office of New York City in Boston.
One day, this really happened this question: Zarah in my garbage cube. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it stop it?"
City Connecticut dynamics is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In City Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I got to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarah? Yeah. Live? Yeah.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, short strain."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technical definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And it could have connected them with the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we form the communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
The government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfied our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the superconducting layer of 15 feet.
Below is what we call bureaucracy barbook.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that memory that keeps that thing that belongs to us that we fund as something that is operating on our against -- that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real work of government happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the February of VC. on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone.
We can't present government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act often, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age average of our members is 28 years, so I was a bigger generation than a lot of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted.
You're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about who you're going to talk about, you're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care so much to make your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking away weeds -- dumping a garbage cube that has a shrimp inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen hydrogens, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not just consumers -- we're not just a government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a volunteer crowd or we will also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail, prisons and death roads.
I've spent most of my life in marine communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed at this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact all over the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have another way.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach it, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, which is if it's chaotic, it can achieve much more.
And so I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house from an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in everything in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia, about 1880.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was little, and I looked at her, she came up and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I got out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up and said, "Breaking, still feel my right?"
And if I said no, I was grabbed again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was at least 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at her, and she was smiling, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, back to the room, took me out of his hand and he said, "Go Brian. The two are going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Breaker, I'll tell you something, but you can't say it to anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mama."
She said, "Now please make me not do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "So "Man, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that you will always care about it."
As I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, like that."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing but the right thing to be difficult."
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mama. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, like that."
I grew up in the field in the Southern South, and I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14   15 -- one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package -- I don't know where I got it, I would grab my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy all the time.
He took a beer board, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's good. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it -- and you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well. Take a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What is going on? Take a beer."
And I looked at the gaze with strength and said, "Oh, not being that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "May tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was shot.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is completely spreading away.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtual view. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that they really don't look like sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the ban profit.
My uncle died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that they were according to, we should be completed.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or poor communities, you find so much destination, so much despair -- determined by these facts.
One out of three black between the 18 and 30 years is in prison or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, Washington, 60 to 60 percent of all young color people are in prison or conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that takes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not public, but it's wealth that conditions the results.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and the fury makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're decodies.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you know, you know, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
This amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels 13 children to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no chance of coming out.
Right now we're in a process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for crimes committed?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill us.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
From every nine people executed -- it's been identified one which is innocent that is extended and released from the death rain.
A rate of errors -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would not be allowed to put airplanes if every single nine you would address, you would be starting.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being candidated.
They care about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- you make speeches -- you tell people who stop saying that in our history we were the first time with terrorism, after 11."
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial submittal and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about the death penalty pence.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We would naturally never be able to have it."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never be able to get us into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we and intentional and deliberately we were going to get played."
It's about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executing people, especially if they were mostly Journally?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are considered by suffering, abuse, degradation, manipulation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talked about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the left ones, which will never get to TED.
So thinking about them is, in a way, something that is within our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual intensity.
With innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by heart benefits.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to not only brilliant and disabled, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Vacaton Haiti, the great cheese leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a willingness to be in desperate places and being textiles."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, which is still in communities like TED, should be complaining.
There's no connection to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it back.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks to meet Rose.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Alligator called me, to say, "Breaker, come up with Mrs. We're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen?"
I said, "Yes, lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You're listening.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very small, very lightweight.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks turned to me and said, "Now Brian, give me this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted incredibly uncomfortable.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the senses of life, without a conditional freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce population in prisons.
We try to end up with mass shipping.
I gave all of my best speech, and I looked at me and said, "Oh, "My Mim Mim Mim."
And he said, "You will get laughted, very slowly."
At that time, Mrs. Carl included, put the finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very very very very but very very valuable."
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a language.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a seat.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very lightweight, very stimulating, it's not going to judge us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged but by the way they treat the poor, the controls, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel definitely. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much strength.
It's standing tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of ride.
I go to prison and I see my 13 and 14 customers who have been qualified to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge is released as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was thinking about God, if the judge can become something you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mountain.
I had a 14-year-old customer, a little poor, poor, black.
I started working on the model, with an advertising that said, "Machine for my 14-year-old black customer to be treated as a privileged white white white white white white white white white.
In the model I put that there had been independent behavior in the access, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a little line on how in this country in this country, there is no ethic but a lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking about that teaching motivation would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it cut it, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went into the car at the judgment.
I thought this would be very difficult and personal.
I finally went out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man, and it was the consultant of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm an adoption." He replied, "Are you able to law?" I said yes.
And then I was approached and open me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was obese.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I went in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this way model?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicator.
I had written those crazy lights.
They came up with the police for the assistant fishermen, the supercomputers.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all of the funerals because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the racist of the eye I went to see the conservation that was going and came.
He looked at the window and he was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of the self-expression was shown because the wine had entered the room.
The assault is left on the old black.
And he said, "Smile, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up on his feet, looked at the assistant and looked at me and he said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with service."
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
That we cannot be really human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragments, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the eye in the goal with symbolic.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BL: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refrigerator this spring, where you're going to do an effort to regenerate the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in artists.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity for change.
So this reference is going to propose that these funds are going to make that look like law to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you tell you what you think is that?
BL: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increases in the circular population.
And we let us convince for the painting retreat.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, and to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property instead of making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment doesn't do anything for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brook, we've been excited about it today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Audience: They grow the threats for bin Laden death.
Louise 2: famine in Somalia, Louise T." Local police raised paintings.
Louise 4: Cartens delivered. Locally 5: Decoration 5: Creative Crimes.
Audience 6: Social decoration. Locked 7: 65 dead dead.
Locked 8 Alexander. Locked N.J. Cogornales.
Several licenses: War -- mass destruction. Toronto.
Recent June. Bank.
Crisis. Death desert.
Oh, my God."
Peter Dianer: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could clearly be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And since nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a shark.
The amygdala is our early detail, the danger.
I ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories we prefer to look at the negative.
That old retreat of the press, "If there's blood, sell, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days a week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising to be pesticides.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe not.
Perhaps what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species and water and energy. We don't have them.
As human beings, we are very good at advancing the problems and, in the long run, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life average has more than doubled, the average income per capita has been tripled across the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- electricity and transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today, in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, television, air air and cars.
The magnetic background banks of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that relies in information technology on this curve, the Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and all of them.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before the big challenges.
And even though it's grateful in a law on the left, it's going up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, in the late of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends in Auroration call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines, the food, the food medicine, the nations and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson from Watson?
It was pig.
I looked in the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: Watson beat human oppositions."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absurd.
We can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for each of the people on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce, and it will be abused.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of National II in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sim.
Japanese troops ate with silver covers, and the same Native, with gold.
But the king of Simila, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, and it's worth the gold and the plate.
For that reason, the tip of the monument to Washington is altitude.
You see, even though the aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal metal metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silvers.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was decoration.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy tests every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but about accident.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the generation of generation, 8.7 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have abundance abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about war war.
Remember when Carl Santa pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after that happened Saturn?
So I took a famous picture.
"A pale blue dot plant."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent ice is ice, and we fought by half percent of the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nature.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovation innovators -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Saturian -- you know, this is the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any fresh water, water, contaminated water -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Cocaine will actually implement it in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is empowered by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have predicted ever before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- CO2, video HIV, images, books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they get defended and lose market value with the mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when they get out health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Company Foundation, something called the X College Prize Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. you can take, you can get rid of the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize to call the head of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abuse.
I call it the billions of the increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against the demographic explosion is to address the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you have heard of global conversation.
What would these people?
So what do you want to get?
And instead of an economic collapse.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health from the tricky thanks to the Academy of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
So what can you give us three billion more of humanity, educated healthy and productive health.
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What are these three billion billions?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict.
One of the things that I learned with the X prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that only could make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some already know.
It's called Fordan.
He came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids, and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supercomputers.
They've played with this university teachers among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joining and started playing it.
And it's been shown that today the recognition machinery today is better folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me enormous trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the infection of the bridge.
We have the capital of the telephone.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the running of the point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples for doing time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1838.
Maybe they believed that putting pins, but it didn't.
It actually collecting fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the beautiful.
It was a long time to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the River Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has no special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos yet.
We still think they're prosperites.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the sports of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a window in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate you.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The language was surrounded by palm sleeps, and, as you can see, from a few manifestations.
There were there about 20 inches and the black bar tolerance.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made over the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down.
They killed five cents.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was very pleased in the introduction of the drag fishery in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, he started in 1960s. Europe did a lot of development projects.
Festival development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, called Muslim 4.
I was going to fishing on him, and we did studies in southern China Sea and especially in the Sarah Sea.
What we captured was something innovative.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spines, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots about a few remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In summary, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was raised.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid coral background, in this case, being a little bit.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They turned them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not short.
So they wanted to kill them because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it's not double.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you get this stuff like this.
In the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, shortcuts, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life like normal and extraction forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of the end of keeping a few of the restaurants.
And that, in large measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done until some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extinction, it's very cool.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose any little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become rare because we caught them.
Over time they are a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a way earlier is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of some people present, as you may be able to take a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using fish scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instructional societies because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has run and it's very low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine zone, and you can benefit from the vision that allows them to erase their split point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and the movie may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Cage.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematicians and the projections are like an advantage."
And if you think about "Death," if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- without talking about the story of Chicago, why would we get to images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cameron, to make "Adam II: Under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin State, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So we're going to see what the videos are doing and how important that is.
We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web is makes any of us or our actions, copper noticed in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be done in the Internet in a sanctuary.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is made by virus, and it gets involved and makes cultural momentum.
So how does that happen?
Three things: creators of trends -- communities of participation.
Well, let's start here.
Berkeley Valley: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God."
Wow.
Hole, guy."
KA: Last year, Bernard Vice published this video filmed outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This chart shows the reproduction in the power of popular summer.
Beath doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called "Anderson Mountain Beat.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kimmy published this tweet that catches the video to popularity.
Trend creators like Jimmy Kimbber present us new and interesting things and they beat them to a wider audience.
Reical Berglam:  It's Friday -- you have to start the Friday --   everyone wants to get the end of the week, the weekend.   Friday with Friday.   KA: You won't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Region Bell is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Architectument "Indian interviews, this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday -- it's true.
And if you ask these other peak, they're also Friday as well.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it Tomon, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Microsoft Science Theale, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paintings of Friday in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by doing it or doing something new with that.
"Non-to-three-dimensi animal is a repeat animation with an advanced music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours that you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was removed.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix, which made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arge Iranians" or Record Black or "Non-like Canada?"
What a guide could have written that I would have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up for minute two days for minutes, just that unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against the clients in New York, admit that I don't care too interested in it.
Casey Nick: I was killed by not circular but often there are obstacles that prevent you right through the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nick got five million watching and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berkeley Vascon: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture, where we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity to it.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Beng, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
We're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's barely the media today, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still breaking up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity, and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist comes in Saula, facing the fact that their life had been completely in sand.
The words, for so long, friends, now they were built it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in sand, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the time of standing down to the sea.
My mother, Mary, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her I couldn't do it.
And then from a four-year-old saying that challenges fiction, a boat was sliding down to the disguised sea of fishing battery.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pieces, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a jar with poison.
If you were captured, first of us would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the protein diving in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate paintings that came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died -- the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we died in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Foundation, a kind of class working whose population is composed of immune.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I knew in Forest, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from shops were the rest of the world.
And the crowds of controlled English were exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT in the information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tumor in English and math, no matter what you should take off, that it was generally new clothes. It was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful sing on the eyes of "range and some graffiti -- "Apollo, come home."
So home, what?
Something in me was heard.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered freedom, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be student and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry and inflated, and kids transferred between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and waters.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student allowed with what I demand from myself.
In the other one, I was embedded in precision lives, tragic pathways by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, Leonardo, an anonymous analysis of Forestor, was now so refugee and social activist and invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and running asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I reminded myself that I had now the same age as she had when we went up to the ship.
He had never been an option.
"Make it, he said, "And you're not what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and education to the shadows and the advances.
And the more frankly he talked about, the more it was tolerated to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a recent receiver, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to get the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets approved, but not the way we fear.
They would not have been allowed to have been all the time.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism -- a rare mix of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I put together a little group of people who the motto cannot be done, and it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, it made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked even the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved to it, and the adventure continued to.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Conference was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was used alone.
At 17 it became a congestion of a Mandarin whose mother the stone.
No support of his husband, he caused a reverse to demand her and take the cause themselves, and much more research caused when he won.
It can't be done by being wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles, in Meletic.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I'd come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortune and sat around her atom.
We tell us stories and we make sure we were still still with it.
At night a monkey came up and told us that he had to close the atom.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cool?"
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"You haven't been solving."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life shapes us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have gone easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your lives, suggesting in every wave -- the improved room of the engine, the vast horizontal rate that you don't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at them, I would do it.
Thirty Nelson and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or the fine row.
My story starts in Rails about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Muttok Muttyra Alan Alan Alan Saturn.
We were making a conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian epidemic "The Mahardbrough."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel on a car and we climbed the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Army, the great Indian warrior prince was served, he pulled a bow and a flower on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tablets and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that was very excited.
Every time I felt a little bit more tendency.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a death if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his click silver plate.
And this technology of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pieces of pirate and natural in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phone, luxury clocks and cameras prevent we out.
They front our inspiration.
So I was launched, I took this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing magic.
I illustrate books from the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting to the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we in.
Add the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multiplying.
But what is that?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --   he says, "This box belongs to "the -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
And at several times I get a cardiology -- the iPad knows where it is that thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic -- to those ideas we open from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always came up with me.
So here, we have to include the iPad to release the fireflies.
And you actually light your way into what you get from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with is that a whole galaxy is a balloon.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I dragged into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy books there have always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flowers and guides you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it's also revealed as well.
I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contained.
These are the passengers.
We've all heard of the fairies and the negatives, but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts.
These poor people have been trapped in the Indus cameras for millennia, in an old and dense book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a history that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, glued their PC: They haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure in which you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections and stores, stones, sheets and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
This is actually a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A little boy from London puts a picture of a court, and says, "Oh, today, I saw a road."
A child in India says, "I see a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taking over.
Within the variation variations between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we tend to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video and a lower reality and the augmented reality sees a group of animated dangers that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and play it to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is closer to each other.
We have the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Rabbit was to go to a listening director.
And not in a very scientific way, she takes a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: "What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia scale. It's something very simple.
It has a brick and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I was the challenge of getting to 95 Kies.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when it needs collaborative assistance or some urgency of that style but looking back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my Wikipedia scale, and before I climb up to my car, people start to talk to me, "Light, I think you need a linear lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs, and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little sandwich connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they will recover control and be captured from their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medical attention, the death of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by deregious.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM is in Mathered.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we made deregitation in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send it up, tell you where it's open, because sometimes you open up in the orders of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Laden, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Mahautta and someone collapse. They can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we want to start on the world level.
We're getting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the deregial of DNA around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and somebody else, you can be a relatives or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I'd also like to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or telephone services, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography became my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mix with my previous passion by the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the puller.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to preserve the resolution.
Pictures like this: a building in a very steep road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a reality level.
Or photos like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say a question I say soft.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do to capture an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Does the light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some ways can create something that still seems trivial, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look really realistic -- I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are controlling with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect meeting.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was completed.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
The personal thing is that I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas in your head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone piano.
And yes, I even made the house from the top of the island to look more super.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning to do it.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general side.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Risken microprocessors.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of other people we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with security curves is something new.
This is a strange thing.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to grapple, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if I graphics, for example, some other technology, like transportation in a symbolic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If technology technology will move as fast as microscopes, tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a committed growth that every few years of magnitude.
The question I want to use is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't go forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this one until it comes up with something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
It will be, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask about is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state is the world running?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember that as a child, the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been encouraged, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
It happens to happen. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back a few billion years when the Earth was a great rock rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If you look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that's that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil galaxies.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random chemistry of chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every gold was a little different.
In fact, the drugs that somehow were affected by being better at the time of incorporating the chemicals -- they grew more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these goldens learned to store information.
They learned how to cover information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 250 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip and put it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for all of the present, in fact, for every single person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an electronic thing that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it in the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another great step in which things got very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the way of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can swap DNA.
So for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to the penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to become communities that, in a way, they were together on that, and they set up a synapse.
So they survived or failed together, or if a community was very successful, all individuals in that community were represented more and they were familiar by evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came so much so that, in fact, they joined and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-particular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without heart or muscles, or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning not to eat certain fruit, because I knew that the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in their heads that I would keep certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstraction.
Now we spend similar periods to multinational organisms, we abstract our region methods -- presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the I.T. tape, the City tape, the CD. And so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gives us something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of York in which it produced a certain evolution with the Colliso program.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language and so on.
And the next one, like electronics, seems just a few decades.
The process is fed -- I guess that authoritarian is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explorer of the curve.
We see that the process is feeding.
But I won life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I use to design them would not be possible without recent IT advances.
But now now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with The Theale Machulas designers -- we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine is doing something that you couldn't even get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it makes methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of supply?
Could you run these sequences of instruments at random, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a random sequence of instructions of instructions -- numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We get those and we call the rest of the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we're going back to reproduce them following a competition process to sex process.
Let's take two programs, which are some children, who are exchanging subjects, and children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It was again.
I introduced some mutations.
And I try and do it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the competition.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
He once was in 747 with Martin Minister and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight -- doesn't make you feel clearly?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make much faster computers, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
So it's feeding.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are feeding.
We're leaving.
And we're at a moment that is analogous to the self-assembly organisms when they became multinational.
We are the shops and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before they eliminated me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been exercise enough time to let me give you a part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball ...
Why not?
We are close to the end of the world.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about being "really being "really being "sent by "Taking the Rules -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that is 300 dollars.
That means that the battery based on, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught, and anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three of them are treated.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lincoln?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battle?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 boxes, open four.
Legality, like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of Liberia May in Europe to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose that they have a waste and they are addressed to a surgeon that has a 400 in apparents.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a place and a loved one has two surface coronary arteries and their family doctor derived to a cardiologist whose anger in Angelina is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's really improving this year.
And their assets have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a coordination or a gentlemen or a gentlemen obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of medicine knows the edges of a good surgeon, a doctor or paradox.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I included, with the mandate, to be perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a communication observation.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golding studied up to a blood test.
And so on.
I studied in my little determination, in the U.S. General Hospital resistance, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle job, the branching of every artifact that comes out of the art, the different difference and the non-zero-sum difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the self-degeneration of kidney tuberculosist.
And as they get more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And the medical school of medicine with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because so I'm going to get involved from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mrs. Dreamer in emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I managed to get a cardiologist to go to a cardiologist I took me to that patient.
And I'm going to report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Dragon, I was slicking.
I heard a solar sound.
And when the airport -- I listened to a sharp sound in both sides, which was telling me a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and, instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give you.
I gave him aspiration and medicine to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him diabetes, water piles, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake -- I sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone or I did what I should have done, which was called my boss and I would get it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to add complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I might not want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
I might want to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss to me.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner who said, "Goldiar, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Dr. Dragon, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?"
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradoxic took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I bought to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service at home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that was taking care of Mrs. Drafode before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular emphasism and is that we see the patients from super-sumples.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she was returning," with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the brink of death.
In the course of an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 1191, the paradigms brought it to emergency with a 50 inches of Hait, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff would deploy all of their resources.
They gave him medication to get the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial resistance.
I was confused and shut up to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious to never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Dreamer, wife and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks I was amazed by it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated without feeling that shame based because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never eat that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that we made it wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was an embarrassment.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I kept the things and made sure they wouldn't give me away.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my fish? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so strong?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little that feeling was designed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a public day, the sky was open and finally came out the sun and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I stole the efforts to be perfect in order to make no more mistakes, it would make those voices.
And it did.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was an emergency department in a community department in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and shocked.
And he pointed out here.
He watched his throat -- he was a little color.
I wrote the penicillin and sent him to her house.
But as he went to the door he was still pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me about his office.
And the three words: You remember you?
Remember the patient who saw a pain in the grandmother?
Well, he came back and didn't have a static fragment.
He had a potentially deadly effect called the planetary.
You can search for it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, no missing.
You get antibiotics for it to go inside and recover for the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I grew up and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of emergency processors, not diagnosed diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because of 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a decree.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
I ordered a robot of kidneys, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking into the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right square and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to retire and ask my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it and when you notice some sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every single case I was taken away -- I was delivered.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
Just get embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vocabulary that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that you don't make the same errors.
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a traffic in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe I would have difficulty to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- which make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that I know -- the ones that have postures and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of about disability and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical primate and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Stanford Transit to my program, "What Company County, Black Coast, white debate, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unconscious.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or design is not right -- in a system where informal infection is increasingly and more numbers, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian candidates for available medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about black submarines, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
That's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated to us.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with clear eyes and with alcohol to alcohol and suddenly my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional properties of error to error, well, no one.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "Black "Plate, black "deliberation," is already a user saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell you all, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst wrinkly, blah, blah blah blah blah -- "What are your bribes?" And I'm going to steer the microphone into them.
And their students were going to stop, they would go back and drop their head and they would be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same wrinkly."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reducing medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction of the region is human, you know, the acceptance of it, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
I point out the mistakes of other people who are not trying to catch them, but in a love and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make errors all over the time.
My name is Brian Golding.
I'm a refrigerator.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much about learning something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take a day on?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that can pick up a average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not long ago, at a research went on for a week to a group of business presidents a week.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were unemployed by these executives and the time they were employing to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they take 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of microbials.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of their choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour.
How do you get the way that you drive those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of present -- choosing in the operation of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of option overlap?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was facing this very, very high spring, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Draft."
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and violence, more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of water water, and this was when we took water from the grave.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything.
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "Did this strategy of offering all these choices?"
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the missions.
Halled.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put these six seats out there, or 24 different flavors and watched two things: First, what case people were willing to stop testing the mission?
More people stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a mission shore.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24 there were only three percent of them to buy missing.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw the 30 percent missing the missing.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy their mission if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a little bit of a mega-changing -- it's probably good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of options overload affects us in well momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't come to us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with Guard Hungari, email Kamen and Peter Jane, where we looked at decisions on savings for retirement for about a million Americans -- from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of supply workers available in spider savings plans for retirement savings -- the 401 program, and it would lead people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation of it.
We had 684 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funded funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds -- the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, more people were found to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
And as soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial concerns of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three primary negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, they apply it even when it goes against the interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying, although they're obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that gigantic variety of grandmasters, mustard and wine and missing, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Cooper.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is less than that.
People always bother when I say, "Core up."
They worry about losing space in the algae.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut out, you will get rid of strange surface choices, there will be an increase in sales. You will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Protection & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Schools to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the College Catast climbed the products for cats that are less sold -- they increase the uses in 87 percent, for two causes -- more sales and less costs.
You know that today's supermarkets in average offer 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart they offered about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the current world is Alected and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to drive the choices better is the plan of David Lakota, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a fund of life insurance.
Who you really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of these are important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do their customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gard.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience to have a holiday with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the open of Gary on it.

Are they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
You actually had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can get up and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices, which is Confusion.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must be very vivid in a very vivid way very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit, than when they use cash effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shama's Bengalo and Alecade Predator, on personal NGO staff who worked on INF, these people were in a meeting where they were getting off to a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we were doing exactly as we used to, we did a little addition to it.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the airports of 20 and increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Wikipedia supermarkets along the edge of the Norden route, magazines can contain from 33 different types to 656.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell me.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japan Japan, and the other, Swahili.
If you think the one on the left is Swardwist, and the one on the right is Jack, give a painting.
(Classic algorithms." Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Swangowat, give a painting.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Swarducal. But you know something?
This classification scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something to choose to choose -- not to the definition of it.
You often see this problem with these enormous fundraising.
What are they informing?
My fourth category: Control complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, buy it from a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows you to persuade it.
You have to make 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Colors, foreign color. I have 56 possibilities.
Motorcycle, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions come from.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from little options, four boxes, to 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look?
How much of you are.
If you always take the button in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed or you're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to a few options, they look at the button over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to pick up.
Even though you pick up the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration. It somehow prepared us to choose.
We have a product that we're building that now has more adapted to the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the option of choice: Cortlight, eliminate strange alternatives -- Congress, make it real, Classic, we can drive more categories with less choices -- to condition complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help handle alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve.
That is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose to.
And the more careful we are in our better choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine had to register it to the government.
And I had to register a text text sheet, written with the machine.
And this is where the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much that would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on every page that makes them own one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to hold up a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what's happening in the world online, we can tap the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the circumstances.
Like Mr. Diamond Gulf from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, huge numbers.
There are really many cases of online online, multiplaping, who won money with their attacks.
This is Verman Tasmania, from Tatum, State.
This is Alfred Gong.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bird Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tarita Alasanisman and so on, etc., etc.
These guys are doing their fortunes online, but they do it for illegal media through banking triangles to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret of the United States, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this man, Sam Jacast, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Japan is still up -- you know his wall.
And I say that today is more likely to be aware than any of us are victims of a cyber than real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them the opinions -- they motivate them the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined over the last 12 months occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hacking like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dialroung.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Diagnostic is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Decomposed the last fall, because of a shadow.
They had the safety of the site and they lost a cyberspace.
So last week, I asked, in a meeting with the projections of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people through the attack to Ditch.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Diagnosis is a certified authority.
They sell certainty.
What are the certified services?
Well, you need if you have a website with heads, surrendered sexual services, services like Ghana.
Except that you have a foreign certified authority.
And they are emitting collapsed certified.
And in the case of Digital Dietraid, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those paper was this card called FDA.
And within that card there were notes from a headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, the Saudi triangle was found, a triangle used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
To even use tools like the Subject Brook to infect our computer with a triangle to allow them to see all communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious response should be, "Well, it should be a bad thing, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's the privacy.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we will solve today, will be forever.
Do we trust cleaning in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park has no fences in most of the South, which means that wild animals like fish migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning, and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only trick we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to punish them, and so we value them.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also mad with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that this is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six at nine to nine years old, is responsible for her father, and this was the same thing as I happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that this is actually not services, because even helping the lions to see the way far.
I didn't get back. I continued.
A second idea was to use a spirit.
He was trying to deceive the lions so they thought she was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spirit, and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with an torch and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I got to go and turn out the lights.
And this is a little bit of a broken limit.
Alick everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery adds the electricity into the little indicator box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indus box makes the lights deliver.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because it's where the lions come from.
And that's how the lions see when they come from night.
The lights drive and attach the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and he asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hunger, legally, and it's also being used to support farm elephants too.
And thanks to this invention I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and concentrate.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the pressures of my father, and I used to see planes flying around, and I was telling you that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come on plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become engineering engineer and pilot.
I used to hate lions. But now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions. We can be with the lions without any conflict.
Alaske. What I mean, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a bow. Richard Turing) Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RP: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electrical fence -- CA: A close electron?
RS: I know that the electric fence was invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: Now you try it once, right? And you're trying to do it before, but I was going to stop because I got a california.  CA: At the foot of the canyon. Richard Trust, you're something big.
We're going to animate in every step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Industrial, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Though I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden in North Korea.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're right together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
In a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a scanned child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine dragged North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived standards, insects and tree cortex.
It also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- everything around me was completely to dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angle in certain points enabling Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes he saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back together.
In China, it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a North refugee of life.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Northern refugees in China were considered illegal immune.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repaired to a horrible destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be northern, then they examined my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another, "This was a fake report, she's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and depressed police.
These women had a lot of luck.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, normal Koreans are captured in China and separated to North Korea, where they're short, incarcerated or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape a lot of other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk me going to South Korea.
I started a new life again.
To be in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South Street.
We're all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 63 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a surface or a normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me with pride me.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities report some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to dive immediately.
And so I started planning how to help them escape.
The narratives have to travel long distances on the path to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some ways, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family I couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I slipped down to my family, and I told him that they were so short-term people who were coming in.
I looked at myself, but fortunately, I believed me.
We did all the way to the Laden border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lason.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illustrative.
After paying and shocks, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and income again in the Lakes capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more self-assembly or much.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other Koreans, and getting them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why did I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping to the northern people.
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North village when we needed most.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community is actually the speeds of hope that the North people need.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they were going to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help northern normal property of international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North surrounding around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Center South," light stores, fast food, blank ground.
So the city planners got together and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  Tank stores, fast food, blank ground.
Just like 65 million other Americans live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the places of food to bring kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from rural diseases in Los Angeles Center, South Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
And I'm tired of seeing this happens.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if you get out of the house you see the data effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see clothes of wheels bought and sold as used as used.
I see data centers like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I was also tired of driving 45 minutes out of it, and it turns out to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides to it.
What I did, I would plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a garden.
That's 45 feet long.
The point is, belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what it comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greece Greeks, we put together and we started planting our food forest trees, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of group paid by advances of all the protections, all of the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then someone got crime.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a library saying that I had to remove my garden -- the cycled became a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?"  So I was like, "Well, let me take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Leepe, and he talked to the compassion and one of the Green Greeks members who put a petition in Channeller, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My check even called to say that they were holding and they were doing what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more blood ground.
It has 68 miles of blood land.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 75 million tables of tomato plants.
Why don't you really look good at this?
To grow a plant to give a few thousand seeds, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my boy, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Center South Center.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is embarrassed by walls, I emerge soils, there.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do -- if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The barrier is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in a turb.
Also, they get strands.
I remember an occasion, that they came up and his daughter, they were like 13,000 of the night and they were in my garden, and they looked very quiet.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Fine, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?"
And I say, "For God, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to go back your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes to eat tools.  But if none of it is taught to you, if you don't teach the food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're caught. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting excited about their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrilla happens.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafe.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to replace it.
What I talk about is to put people to work on the street, to get the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening up markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become elected researchers, speaking, brand speeding.
We have to change the script of what a sentence is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a speech.
That the search takes their leg off?
Which is their weapon of choice.
In summer, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some mission -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their feet so we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Magic noises)   You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of association, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I say.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt.
The perfect asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all of the water water flow down to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and you won't save water ever more.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very hollow, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it? See that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First of all, then many more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give it his windshield --  but they can give him his windshield and not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Bactors, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage comes into this material.
It's a beautiful asphalt as I said, so it only has a little amount of adaptation between stones.
Because of the interest, to the ultraviolet light, the of the wild, this adaptation, this band, the glue between the regimes, will be fits, and if it's forever, it's going to be microbial and separate from the adults.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the lawyers -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about marriage materials.
If we can make this material stick, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean season, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little pieces of breaks.
So we have a little bit of speed with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, that you use to cook -- an initiation machine.
Information can heat, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the button, the button flow through these microbials and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big data out here on the stage.
The oven of microbes is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that goes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
So we tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try that.
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 feet from the 825 highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the transistor test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road, and we test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, we repair them then with our information machine and repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before you can show you how you act representation.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember I woke up one morning with the sound of the tree in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depression.
The Taliban were shown -- I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were propelled from Afghanistan and made the illegal girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market for it to seem like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us approved in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was slowly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspects.
We always wondered what they knew about them.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attacked, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province from Afghanistan, and he insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was represented it.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is it.
It's going to be two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his whole family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to recover, but my father said, "Meme, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay for your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the balance, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud of graduating in Deliber College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was email from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He not only got out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry him driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believe in me.
I sleep, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrassment of 1912, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOL, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a disabled opposition.
Like Ahmed. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter were walking from SOPA to his village, and literally they were shot to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When he came home, they are the phone, a voice was admitted that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would try.
"Tell me now, if you will, he said, "But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and reduced ideas."
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we serve, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interventions of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds of them -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't take a lot, after the U.S. troops in the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a future promising and lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hopefully and unlimited possibilities, and every day, South Sunday girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've ever forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explorer, said, "Show Garden. He struggled to him.
But you never get a review of Gay Gay."
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution inspired by the fleshing of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other lip citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the theoretical regime of Garden.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the vaccine, demanding the fall of the regime, providing free pigeons, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage in the face of the bright dictator of Garden.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the trick.
However, Garden left a burden burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and self-interest seeds.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of Garden destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Consciousness of devastation and challenges, I've wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, raising an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Bangladesh during Bang, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triple.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a single enthusiasm I began to organize workshops on the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women we founded the Level of Women Liberty for Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, original orientation -- to advocate for the social autonomy of women and our right participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the predatory period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which models of selfish policies of domination, and exclusion.
Eventually, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 14 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, the physics of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the protection of ancient mosques and Sufi tumors.
Another day I started with the news of the murder of the American embassy and the control of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing rainforests of the human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is politically, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exception and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of "crime list and elections.
I'm here today to trust us that we as a nation, we choose badly, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya, Liberia.
The criminal list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society follow polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination, and exclusion, both for men like women for women.
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the female to need the natural and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and they call a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, that not just honor but also put music into the place of revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it in a social form.
According to a verb of the Koran "Saturn," the word of the God Mississippi, "record," compassion."
At a time, the word "Randy, which is known in all the aborting trade, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Religion: symbolic the female and math, which goes to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all people have exhibited.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence of the existence.
This is what it is like, "My mistake takes all the things."
This is what it looks like, "My Mission prevents on my irreggle."
That you are all given the grace of the mistake.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally intriguing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always -- why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who put him up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in Soviet magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green architecture American Expressions, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my twin soul, he pointed me on the head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love log, a psychological trap, democratized love, where they fall every year of millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a Martin at Markins Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "The Fortune 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burn and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and driving a mining Dinney October.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions -- all levels of sudden and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and intensive and long domestic relationships or, in fact, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, domestic abuse is so disruptive.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who provided him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old, they have three times more likely to be domestic violence victims than other ages, and over 500 and girls of that age are killed every year for couples and girls and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Connecticut in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in New York subway and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he just had a college from a university of the I Leocip and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a kid in the field.
I had a lot of big pieces like apples, and a surface hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Connecticut did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of partner.
He did it all over the beginning in a pedestrian.
We started coming out and loved everything of me, which was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help young girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and making the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner and so I accepted my job and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love log, which was coming out of head in a physical store, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And here is where those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Connecticut was supposed to feel so safe to buy three piles.
He had it on the car guard.
Another one was kept under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those piles because of the trauma that lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious dangerous, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Connectly happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the store.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he wanted a lot.
And I was very, very represented.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and it would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much of my honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost myself, and he gave me so strong in my head that I bounce several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, I was overwhelmed by the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo continued to give me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying. At some point in their life, and the Centers Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are malaria, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
So back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, love with a profoundly terrified man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his devils.
The other question that everybody asks is, why is it just not going to go?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
To me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill them.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the case of domestic violence occur after the victim has put end to the relationship, after they move, because then the noise has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent access, even after the abuse has come back to married, deniencies of financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not supported with the man who was hitting their mother.
And we still keep asking why is it just not going?
I was able to go, because I was able to go, because of a last piece of paper that I had my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I said it all around the world: the police, my neighbors to my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spined headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
And the question, "Why is it standing?"
For some people it's a way to say, "The fault is its for standing on it, as if victims we are choosing instantly to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Love Love" -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scanned -- that they learned an invisible lesson of what happened to them and that recorded their lives and joyful life and happy as employees, wives, mothers -- completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a term and ambitious man and we have those three children.
I have that black blood and also that minister.
What I'm not going to get back to have ever more, ever, it's a tuned pisote pointing my head in someone who says it wants me.
At this point, you're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hello, what silly it was, but all this time, I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, that you're listening to me right now, who are being killed or that they were a little bit of subjects themselves.
The marriage could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love of my crazy love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just on silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence, just throwing light on it.
The victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the marriage to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interest consciously, to stop their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds. Our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis.
Thank you.
Hi. I'm called Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to push it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came out, they don't have to tell it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tapestries are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sun on the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me to grab the back and get the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I did two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and infrared, has a great impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice woman and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but simple.
The first question is, how do you get a model?
And I always say, a capital discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admit, we've also associated with a high and solar figure, to womanhood.
And that's my heritage that I've known to leverage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show you, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, wait, there are Namibia, Turkey, Joan Semons, Light Web.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But I certainly have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every single model in the runway, and from the 777 models controlled, only 27 percent, is less than four percent, not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's larger.
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a newspaper and a newspaper surgeon -- which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still insisted, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the recording chief of the American Voyager magazine or the new Steven Mississippi recording.
To say that more you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiovascular surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already completed your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "In the middle of the United States, the people would look weird at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retained.
And yes, you basically get together all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
So I cut together with my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a sign party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, pendanthropes, machines, photographers and standards, and all of their help and predictions and property, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 inches that I have never use, except the previous couple -- but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and forgot me to take money, and they gave me the free dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary drug, and he jumped up a red sex, and of course, they stood down, and I just feel it, agents to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my respect, not because of what I am. And there are people paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded and 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are I going to stop you?
When I research for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the camera, we give you a response that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the broad hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and clothes more to fashion -- but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial and gender situation when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to come back from this talk, I hope that all of you feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures -- and I was not me who knew them.
There were no artistic directors, no standards, no opportunity to repeat photos or even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took the random turbines.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York on a paradoxic journey, and you continue the ritual.
This is when we started to ask tourists that were going to get us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever denied and fortunately, never anybody has ever been with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much of us would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only in the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new heroes, and I can see life through their eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking in, when suddenly it stopped in dry and signal a red touch of the wrist store that I was running from little in previous visit.
And I described what I felt at the age of five years in that same place.
He started to remember his heart beating with force when he saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt yourself to go to someone and ask it: Does a picture take us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Buts are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters like mental characters, stuff, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the press Kenyan press, applause and algorithms, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent the disease spread.
It's hardly monitoring.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the boats have better presence.   There are two types of boats on this planet.
There are the New World Bureaus that are mostly in the Americas, like the hunters and the shoes, and the Britain books -- where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 confronted a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the baby importances? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage colleagues.
They clean the cards up to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria -- they help absorb the anthrax that they would not be for them would extend and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no board, the carcasses take three to four times more time in decomposing, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
Buts also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated with the former Egyptian culture.
Net was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cow, simulated the unit between the high and the Under Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology Hander, Jakaran was the god guy, and he risked his life to save the Sil Diese of 10 Canada heads.
In the Tibetan culture, a very important set of intersections are done to open sky, in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bubbles provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with borders?
We have eight species of boats in Kenya, which six are at the end of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sentenced, and the reason they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the passive communities use this venom against predators, and as a result, the divers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of boats are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumer consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Diplomat.
This drug has been banned for vegetable use in India, and they've taken a stance.
Because there is no boats, there's been a spread in the number of red dogs in cardiologists -- and when you have street dogs, you have a huge pump of time for anger, and the number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 attacks are going to be above the Turkina lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them through half.
They're birds short.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade trade trade to serve the broccoli and the fed market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting transmissions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem locally isn't going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating barriers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide proportion.
How can you help help? Can you become active -- you can make noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very incomplete creatures -- to give your time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to report on the boats, but you talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the boats.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said it changed of opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do probably -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1973, to 1977, I read young -- but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, coast of Marika, Archier and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian IP, and every project we set up in Africa.
And he was pretty upset.
And I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, all we played we advantaged.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Warning "Danniestors, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia, to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambia River, and we teach the local to grow Italian tomatoes and stuff.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that the local locals, in such a fertile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just in time to save the people from "Manitatar of Hamburg."
And of course, everything in Africa is created beautiful.
We get these great tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato growing up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the grants, "Look what easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marriages and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the globally, "Oh me, the hyperclining some of them.
And the grounds said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why don't you say, "You never ask me."
I thought we were just the Italians we made errors in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypertexts.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read David Death from Damana, a growing economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
You just read your book.
Take it from one African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impressive, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we pattern them, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin rat rat," which means "fire."
However, they mean two different things.
Patihu, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want to do a lot of you."
Parkinson, I treat all of a different culture like my services.

That book gave me a border in the face of the face and the little thing is beautiful, written by Schwarz, who said all over economic development, if people don't want to be help, you just give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respecting.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that's not neurologically?"
I decided at the age of 27 just answering people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you never started anything, but it becomes a seriousness of local passion, the serious of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? You shut up.
You never get to a community with an idea, and you sit with the people of local.
We don't work from the offices.
We get together in a cafe. We met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we found what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find the knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we ever listen to them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assume, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So, the planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family physician of the company, the business physician of the business, who sits with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in your coffee, and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Spanish, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this controlled garbage where we came to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And I fell down and listened to them --   So the government says, "Hey again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dragon, one of the greatest business advances in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon, which is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning.
So now you have recording Christian without knowing what the most stupid people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you conference, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will hide, you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What presentation you have applied more this morning.
And so that is what you are clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nut, is how we cure, we cure -- we collect, we translate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities -- forget them?
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1800, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was uniform, the city of New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to relocate to the population of New York to the people, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to take.
They were already sticking in standard.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would build the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, they appeared 100 automotive manufacturing, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few things, faces, factories in approved places.
Deretime, Michigan. Henry Ford, Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conference.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute deception, dedicated service, excited service.
And, sure, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 icon companies of the Carnegie world, Westerner, Edison, Ford all the new companies, Google, San.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: no one was started by one person.
No word "I," but the word "us," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
No one starts a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in cards, in bars next to their career dedicated who would do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this speech, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you search for the money?"
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I can't do that." "Would you want me to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-responsibility, and plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadow to lovers and drunk and dreams for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a slide in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned American properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living and lived time.
I gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I get to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to keep walking through the day and forgetting the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant slate and painted on her phrases to complete -- before I want to die."
So, the trains could take a date, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was slowly and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before you die, I want to be judged by performing."  Before you die, I want to sit on the line of data change.
Before they die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before you die, I want to plant a tree.
Before you die, I want to live outside the network."
Before you die, I want to open it once again."
Before you die, I want to go to someone's rescue.
Before dying I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was built and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh at the complex, and they disappeared, and they gave me a comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scanner ways it is about giving birth to reflection and contribution, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit and now have been made in countries around the world, like Karachings, South Africa, Australia, Argentina, and beyond.
We show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increase, it is more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and deliberate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the clarify death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remin is 22 years old, it's high and very grandmother.
It doesn't speak, but it takes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Let me know what love is.
You share it incredibly happens what happens.
It's not rich. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing out of our childhood, trying to provide words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16. It's high. It's very cute.
It takes the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came up every single song from my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be asked in my arm during the first episode of the Telephones and the birthday of Lady Gary.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary and autonomous and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automatic, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it's manipulated in a different way, that Remiss is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of the development that quickly increased in the world, there is no cause or concerned curve.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
And Remonstrem lived and stopped in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars on row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would have between medium.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences got more evident.
But beyond the borders, the frustration and the endless hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Now normally, the beauty goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remen and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- are a dancer." Each of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that should have been Alice in the Way of Words.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  It really suffered from these students with his great minds and his big books and their big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with the students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our engineers and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers please.
I want to share some suggestions on how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just to study the behaviors, but they study the trials, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat optimism.
And when they're describing their science, they care with jargon.
Beek is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space" and temporarily, but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as making them stuff.
Instead, as Einstein said that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget about the balls of the battera."
You have wondered why they call batteries?"  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supported too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelming us.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the transcendents is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, actually.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legislation, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding of what you describe about.
I think these are just some key things that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English dictionaries is "neumanation."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "generally," it means "powerful policy."
Even though there was a periodic editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "global "status" is the one that seeks a public load without import particular, platform or principle, and that, when I win, you get it for the most use of a metal self-interest."
I have no idea what a resource means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1770 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the camera paradigm.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Bridge, who confronted Parliament from the story.
He was fed in the London Tower and they were incarcerated but he had the brave enough to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And only a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase "show "away as "failure" as the metal bears."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a defense of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to the United States, right after independence, right after that.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that might have framed.
Some of you wanted to call it "Jennifer of State Washington, and others, "Your Allen George Washington, and other "Death George Wavender and other "Death Leadership Denishments."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it Rio."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were monitors, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have service.
Everyone gets immensely tired because this debate is propelled for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sensor, and he always wrote, even with this topic.
What caused the delay and the until was that the House of Representatives was against Senator.
The Report House didn't want Washington to emerge from power.
They didn't want to call her King for whether he was giving him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the title more modest and more implemental and more profiled than they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title. He existed before, but he only meant someone who press a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grain than the term capable of "contractually," or super-selfing.
There were an environmental presidents of little collaborator and government fragments, but it really was a standing title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who will be serious with a degree as ridiculous and important like President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't help.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never refused the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may continue to wait for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the title of President of the United States doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to available, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of areas of areas and so on.
The reality and history have hit the title of grandfathers.
So the end of the end wins.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate -- the synaptic appearance of single -- well, it was a uniqueness over then.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate the Senate won and the Camp of Representations lost -- because no one is going to be humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of Russian bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that cartoon of male tasks and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I take a cheap line of slides slide on the head with this electronic electronics, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I rescued my hand and all of a sudden I remember a mine that I met days before, who lost control and fell down to that little bonus.
While I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting national cultures in over 70 continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the summit of Vancouver Peace Person.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a "Free The Saturals, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not to such a grade.
When we finished talking to me so bad -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by the stomach and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the Director of Ford the Salas and offer me my help.
This is how I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some even, even my second home.
But this time, with the dirty transports.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people used in the world.
It's twice as much of Africans who are displaced throughout the whole treat of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
And yet, today, you can enslave entire families by generations by net deaths by 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been blanked with false education promises and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
The slavery operates in the commercial, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are discovered.
slavery exists in most of the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal and I met brick hormones.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the former Egypt or the Danny Denmark.
Instituted in a 59 C. Chris, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy sentence of dust -- mechanically self-designed in their heads, to 18 at once, and take them from the hot hormones to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Designed by the monkey and the consciousness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passes to eat, not to drink, and the severe desert made it quite intriguing.
So penis was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot, and he stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sit there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the lawyers who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on "Free the Slaps and work within the system for their release and trust that they would get it.
In me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for miles for miles to trucks that were waiting down.
These big plants were happier than children who were carrying them and children are holding them into their heads with coastal mail made from sticks, ropes and harbor.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something that intellectually, but so unlike?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers were rejected by their freedom, the slaves burned their houses.
When we hear the word slavery often we think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, I was advised to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katherbendra I got women who had been previously slave sexual slavery.
They drove me out of some angeles that were given to this dirty basement, of fundamental light.
It wasn't exactly a battle.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resistance, as you know in the office, are local.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the slave males with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to entertain the customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the penicillin, I remember feeling a fear acute fear and, at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had one salary: the stairs where I came in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no good enough windows for self-interest.
These people have no scanner, and since we play a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants. In the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens by the day, but we don't see it.
Texting is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families that were sold in the silk trade.
This is a family return.
The hands of black black are the father, the blue lands and the red, of their children.
They mix tanks in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My interface told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Voltnest, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen in a boat, two older siblings, some younger children, makes sense not?
Erica. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their family families, disappeared and forced to work strange south in these boats in the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be searching when our boat was showing up.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees in the Lake Voltnester are often catching networks and children, failed and fear, are thrown to the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are shocked.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, as all of life has been treated with cruelty, he certainly tries to treat younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were doing the last networks, but they had been working from a one.
In the night cold night and fans.
And it's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Korea.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met it in a shelter in which Farcel the Sea is the record of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because of someone decided to make a difference in their life?
Confined by a road in Ghana with partners from "French the Slaps, a attacking fellow with her motorcycle suddenly accelerating and overwhelmed our car and played the window.
It asked us to do it on a dirt path to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we were inspired to get out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then he pointed out this story barely visible and said, "This is the path, this is the road. Go!
As we started to go down, we took the increases that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was anticipated by the recent rain, so I put the team of photos on my head as we descend on these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk -- the single path ended up absolutely in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold.
The market is used in the exchange process.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, considered, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy heavy bags that then they'll be transported to another area where they would married the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and smart men, but if we look closer at it, we see to work at less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of resistance, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and manipulation for market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his father took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, you manipulate the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I'd worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine so serious that doctors said that it should be amplified.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not even that, it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Yet, he supposed to be released and educated with help of local activists like Fare the Sallooks, and it's this kind of determination in the face of a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give them testimony from them and we will do everything that is possible to help change their lives.
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes it very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and I, who deserves the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, malaria, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns into a fire, and that that fire throw light on the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied and there's a peculiar problem for who it does, we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm trying to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the whale and the collision dancers -- we will see more ahead.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial adaptation that can be a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's bad destroy this extraordinary ability, as he does with my friend Jane Stanford who, at his time, was a virtual dancer vandoutters.
In the last few years it has been done in treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness. Terrary, ridiculous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to measure progress in a target way, and ultimately, the only way that we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrated that for Parkinson's and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to offer you as a not conventional form to try and try, you see, in a sense, at least we're all virtual like my friend Jane Stanford.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as they make sounds when they make sounds when we speak. We can imagine as dancers from a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes. The Fortune, for example.
And as the ballet requires extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate it, and as the Parkinson's affects the limb, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular terrorist from the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice, self-interesting and regime.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspiration after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these experiments based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invisible.
Neurological test is not invisible. Both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both are precisions. Well, but also based on voice are not specialized either.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're from minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low cost, it appears at the mass scale.
These are some incredible goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not have to go to the clinic for routine cancer.
With high-speed monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive low-cost massive recognition for the very first time, and for the first time, it is failure to scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Vacaton Vocaton Internet.
Together to Alaska and Patihouse, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We've got accessible lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's -- it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mary, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take from these shows?
Max Little Little May." Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have disease. TR: Sure.
MS: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit factors to look for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanksgiving, I have to advertise it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is an agenda that is actually a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Ninety-expensive and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MS: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, audience.
MS: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I was making photographs in New York City.
We are propelled creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in terms of windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin delicate models even more delighted, the perfect perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was voluntary there, there Hans Venus was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't be sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Obama.
It's a little fishing village located in the precipitation of Twitter about 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The level of water recorded over 24 feet of height, and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was delivered.
We take battles from the channels and the shoes.
We cleaned up the slave and we left the houses ready to be relieved and recorded.
We took tons and tons of fish from dead, self-confident, power of local factory.
We studied and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers as neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Cartes D.C.
Everybody did the same thing.
You will pick them up and bring them to different places of people around them to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village approval center.
It helped clean the common bathrooms the big, giant bats.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the equation center picked the photos.
And they took them up and I had the honor that that day is going to trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going through my horizon that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them who had over a hundred years were still in the lab, couldn't help to think about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and know hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too stranger, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl had a lot of precision and dependent.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the same of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
Over the time of time, they got out of the more pictures and they needed more retreats, so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighboring village in the north of Samaed.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the libraries of the temporary photographic photographers that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to give them is a different story, it depends on the faith of the photos.
It could involve an hour. It could be involved weeks.
It could involve months.
This symptom had to draw pretty much by hand using the areas whose color and details the water had not destroyed the water.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures embedded in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the step of the time continues to destroy them, so cleaning by hand is an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning by hand.
We have the guide of a neighbor advertising.
It's very easy to harm the pictures of every day.
As a Window once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had lucky in relation to photos.
I had started cleaning it out of it, but he stopped when he realized that he gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in one picture and bring out the whole picture.
When he picked his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the very far away from where their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers into the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the servers sounded out.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they were all survival.
The day I handed her pictures his younger son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, these pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that he hadn't been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there hundreds of them were helping us to hand over 130,000 photographs -- the great majority of them -- the vast majority of them came back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return 90 families of completely respected photos and recovered.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly together.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take for us, but the first thing we would look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retrofits.
Some of them connected to something bigger with something else, using their talent for something that are not model of perfect skin.
And I would like to read this email to read this email -- I sent him up and sent it back from Japan after six months.
While I was recommending, I couldn't help to think about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, come to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter noticed, calls from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Edinburgh inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that attracted a apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but to a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photography: the phone -- a new technique so fast that can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see behind the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and turn it into a billion seconds or be, in various sexualities create a package of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bullets -- traveling to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, all of this happens effectively in less than a nature is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola, I didn't use this research.  So there's a lot of things in this movie, and you get into this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and inside, it starts to displace.
Some of the light is street, goes to the table, and we started seeing these operations.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections on the top of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the implications are concentrated for.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet and make it go back the same distance and you see it in a slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much you think would take us to sit at that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a monitor band.
And what about how to test with death death?
You can see the waves that were put out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, thinking about a feminist at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this table, you realize that, as light pulls out of the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not hard.
Why? Because the tomato is mathematically and light bounced inside the inside and comes out of several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this temperature is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify whether the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just get into some light.
We sent that balance -- that package of photons millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very intimate synchronizing, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them together computers to create those memories that I showed you.
We can take all of this data in crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a fresh future would allow him to see after the circumstances?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door -- Robert, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a jaw, and we will release light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our female, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent to which distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture in bridge, which you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But do we take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we will put them together and try to analyze the multiple lines of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what's going back from the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build a pair of sentences of seeing the inside of the body by flying oceans, and the same for the cocktails.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood -- this is pretty hard, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about phone as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of next generation.
So as Dr. Editation, he same a scientist, turned science into art, an art of flying photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves. Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But this is a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid -- these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes get invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it up to South South and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 194-year-old boy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the 1989 story -- imagine if all these people who are meeting that they are looking for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present people have a cell phone here?
Get them.
Get up their mobile phone, read them.
Leave them. An Android, a Blackberry, guy."
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
Data in brudge.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The databases.
This directive says that every European company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to it.
Who sends a text to it.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the alternative in the digital age, and we don't want telephone and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see a few thousand people who went out to the streets in Berlin and said, "Freedom, not fear.
And some of them even said this would be the Big II.
The East East was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Deep Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Derek Telegonia said, no, we won't give you this information.
In the end, we signed up an agreement.
It retired the demand and they send me the information that I order.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the incompletion for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly, about brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand pounds of information lines.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit scale." What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retaining means.
So next to Zedent Lind and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-and-a-half visualization of my life.
You can zoom back and forth, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco on train to colony, and what often I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple times.
Then they call me some friends and they call me a few friends.
And then one called the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who send an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information was stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on Berlin streets in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the East would have known who participated in this protest, and if the East would have known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened.
And in essence, neither of the Earth's Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the alternative and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for alternative.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not happening in fashion.
When they go home, give them to their representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that serve them to remember that they have to fight for the alternative in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
I call myself Mayor Zapa, and I'm not originally, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associated with the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I'm shaking all the time.
Look.
It's all arrow. I'm like a Shakespeare mix.
and Muhammad A.
P. C. it's not genetics.
It's not connective or can be contradicted.
No one told me the uterus of my mother, and I didn't hire it because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
They're in the mall of Christmas -- they are in the mall center, they drive in circles for parking and what do they see?
16 empty places for disabilities.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little discourage?
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. is just one of them.
If you have a climbing of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian painting, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Collision, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe the canopy."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do -- "You can do it dance."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and made sure that I was also out there, and if we weren't all the maximum note we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on his feet and just walking on.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The service that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a board campaign that has received a lot of stones.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't intellectuals.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Outle to Muslims as a campaign can.
The people that I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about hunger during the random.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so you will help the dawn of the store is very easy.
Bang stores in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tablets, or I can walk with tails.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tanks, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I was not going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all of the summer, we become Managua.
In the summer vacation of the summer, my father was trying to save me, so I drink milk milk, put hot cups on my back, put me up at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Okay, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a slide comedian that I couldn't stand up with a foot -- for yourself.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital of General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because it went into all of them.
It was like the mass show of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the top note in my classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass of glass my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the UNI decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paintings.
So I began to shout for the four winds, "I end up having a paper."
I have brain paralysis.
Ultimately, short final."
Thank God solar at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave him Brazil Brown.
I went to income running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes -- no character can do the character.
It was a role for which it literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a very crude story of hearing actors without disability for disconnected paper.
When I graduated, I went home to home, and my first active tour was kind of odd.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be sad of "comparison: "Ton" friend a breakthrough in a sanctuary.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I was not seen more than the nutrient, and it was obvious to me that the director director did not hire black actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there was exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whitney Goldberg Rosed Barry, Ellan, and all these women had one thing in common: they were competent.
That's why I made a human.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I was going high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paradismalizations.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to rethink the first place, but I know that you never heard that little dead rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival For New York City For 10 years now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media and to remind them to the director principals that Saudi and Arabs are not single-century.
Interviewed Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of the disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program with Keith Olympic behind.
I walked out as if I went to a graduate dance, and they dragged me to a studio and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Distorthologe, can you give me another sky?"
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, three.
And we were alive.
So I cling to the desk of the pressure to not go around the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was prepared.
I finally had my opportunity and defined it. I knew they wouldn't be invited to me.
But not just Mr. Olympic came back to inviting me, but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith Olympin was that people on the Internet are scale.
It's said that children are criminals, but they never covered me or child or larger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a bit of a board.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why still short?"
"Is it left?"
And my favorite favorite -- "Power bung.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A committee suggested even that I would add my disability to my curiosity, guy, competitive, paradox.
Discovery is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Behaner can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Designers are the one. Yes, clap -- man. Come on.
The disability is the largest minority of the world, and the most surprisingly interested in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
But having grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, it would feed less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My torture journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk on the red carpet flow by the device of the Susan Lucy and the Clean Arabic Club.
I got to act on a film with Adam Sanda and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
So the world recovering the Arabs have become crazy."
I was elected in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Great Chicks, a charity organization to give children refugee paintings a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me in alive, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
["The peace in peace.
I call Moran Zapa, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know her story.
It lives in a little village in South America.
This village is near Monday.
The droughts drive the little village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, McDonald's -- the South capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of Moch.
After maybe one year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to deliver.
It knows a group of people who give him a decoration.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
You introduce a young girl.
They finally get home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in McDonald's -- under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village with the dreams of the great quality was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little kid trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him inspired?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that I knew about what we call "the sperm period."
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the shame, young urban urban young people who are delivering riots in Johnny, they have distributed riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For the young people, the city promise -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the waiting period," the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the panels, to be the story of cities two.
And in my city of birth, McDonald's, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to McDonald's last month, and I went to visit the Matthead Hospital where I was born.
I remember being on that hospital attached to battles thinking, and if I'd never left?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of spectacle?"
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in McDonald's that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a corporate bureaucratic.
It comes to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to McDonald's University, graduated school.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, he was under a graduate college -- he was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited with.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In McDonald's, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they saw an opportunity and the approved.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started by attacking the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and her dream is at some point expanding hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period."
It fits young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mountain Moon, a flexibility.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate entrepreneurship.
In fact, it's the first flower that McDonald's has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding to be used from the foreign sentence.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from the front?"
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, never.
So, Mozambia saw an opportunity.
He started a flowing company and a flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of McDonald's and began to grow tumority and libraries, which he said, could survive the hard climate of Michael.
And it started the flower of flowers for wedding flashes, creating gardens in the house, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in McDonald's in 22 years.
There are no public parks in McDonald's.
He wants to create a space where families, the young people, they can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roofs.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mozambia had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be the art of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put their businesses.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bringing them the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mountain is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Its Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
He hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of the waiting period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks than buttons and "plants" and speeches."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains And an Arab area to the north of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest settler.
The sun caused the leaves to shine as a virus, and not to be the path that we followed -- we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We got to our camp.
He was a cortex in a rescue with sight to a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the concrete there was a branch, from about four square feet with shark hearts billions of aluminum paper balls, and old card.
And I was all about, I was very angry, and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to get what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their base?
That question went on with me, and it simplify a little bit.
Who clean our base?
No matter how you organize or where you put our our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Spanish Department of Santa our trash -- for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intersection.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collecting.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I was operating the mechanical schools and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as likely as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one is rapidly used.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory States, waste collection is one of the top 10 occupations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and goes around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the job.
And also the garbage is filled with dangerous dangers that are often falling out of the truck, and they cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the table and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never comes to come.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste crops are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective form every day, this starts to deliver from your controls and your inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when the consumption is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average velocity necessary.
I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair and cleaned or take our coffee cup and our back of the sandwiches, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a job force on the other side that will come from it.
So today, I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost climate.
They're on the street every day, an rhythmic shape.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, from our own waste, our strangers, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
And one day after September 11, 2001, I heard the group of a recovery truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling trajectory as all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and she was just assembled, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be fine."
Shortly after that, I started researching the collection of waste and came back to that man.
It's called Pail, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all of the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
Musical waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the number of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you, a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abasa.
This is the kind of building that you showed us as an example, and my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out raised."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to suspect.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the crystals with crystals generating heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling up.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a little bit of a little bit of the way that we have in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really carefully captured with the ancient market that is this structure of the free air where thousands of people, and they buy things every day to little marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was in the inspiration of the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the picture, not exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this spreads with an endless atrium, which creates a space outdoors in the building that self-assembles, by its own form, from sun and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a piece of standard paintings to allow the entrance of the air and also the light, but in a limited way.
Then we inspired us in these beautiful buttons of the steps of the stages.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is made up with these little crystals of color that use light from inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "This is not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the day, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it didn't need to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power sustainability for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photons on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which actually pick water for the sanitation of the inside.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of the construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one that I designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this has changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation, a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patients, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians.
And it also responds to the local norms that make a greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like rethinking the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and socializing and making things like running a two miles a morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable.
He had large amounts of hair, and a little store of pencils -- cute. It was very strong for the state capitals of the states, very good for shark.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my little plan.
I stayed a day after my school. I was a little afternoon, and I hid on the bathroom of the girls.
When the coast was stopped, I went out, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the ratings book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a bit, just some of them.
All of the same things.  And I would give you back the book to the crisper -- but to see, some of my other fellows had very good notes as well.
So in a front, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines of Darwin and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came in.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was absolutely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was decorated by the reason I bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for shark.
I was intrigued by the heavens.
They're so mysterious and so personalized.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primate birds are very proposed.
We know that the hairs are the number one cause of childhood murder in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the hairs are studying in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no stories, I would have no literature.
Because there would be no Hell the ice, no ocean."
There would be no cell king or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They disappeared the readers of high school, because we would be losing "The Rule and the Fundation, there would be no Gates or "Facebook."
Without challenges, there is no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and as soon as the sky, almost it has all of them.
This year is about 100 years of his teacher teaching, "In search of the lost time, the most exhaustive study of sexual skies and also the ordinary competition, my mine, all we could have.  And thinking about Proust we have the sensory details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a manufacturing manufacturing in your land.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forget about how implanted it is.
I mean, these are books that Virginia World said were as hard as cat terrible.
I don't know what the third of the cat, but we assume it's luck.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the skysons, the skies and Projects.
Is it going to be very obvious like the skysocks, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implications, are a good narrative basis of normalized?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel skysocks.
When we feel feet, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It will be at the narrative and the audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to kill the knife, right?
The hairs make all notes amateur novelty, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure and maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Santa detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instrument in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Proust were notoriously cells.
You know, the Propertist girls would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so cell to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The skies are alignment.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the skyscellences like?
The hairs are nurtured from information.
The hairs use the details.
The hairs like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and little store of pencils on it.
The hairs are nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Project links fine language with the sky of the heavens.
When Santa is in his sky agony -- suddenly listening behind the door and bribe to the services of his lover, then he advocates those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is repressed, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
It's trying to show that the hairs are interconnected and they make us seem absurd, but in their mentor, they are search for knowledge, the search for the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what Proust is constantly, the more painful the truth.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Professor.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer from us a lot of more profound and vital feelings that a wise man can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women.
No, I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal ourselves to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our agility, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at this perfect intense?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very intelligent young man who consumed with the idea that his wife was deceived him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife, without notice, involuntary behaviors.
Did you smile too much, or do you have a man recorded with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the contract of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs make us look at intense but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The hairs propelled us to behave in completely impairment ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 15-year-old Michael woman was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent to messages and horrible to itself, for a year.
For one year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, they react with admiration to address.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunate, creativity. Right?
It's like a novel.
It's like a novel of Patrick Hyderabada.
Hawaii is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Street" in a train, and "The Taliban Mr. Ride," books that are trying to deal with how the hairs are confused, and once we are in the sphere, in the kingdom of the sky, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drill in an instant.
Let's take Tom Rick, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to love or want what you have to take away from your self and put yourself out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Rick route.
I can't give everyone in the world, as much as I would like.
It's a land, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the screen? Right?
Do the novel show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are to a mystery.
Let's go to 221 of Baker Street and ask for South Holls.
When people think about Hollywood, they think of the curse.
But I've always preferred the Restorage Institute, the head of Saturn Garden rat that needs Hollstonia desperately needs Hollywood genius, but it motors.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
And he needs their help, but the resident, and bubble with adoption in each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Side of the Six Nations," once Hollywood goes in, he slipped to all of the solution with his solution, Lester goes back to Hills and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Helves.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Scotting Yard that I wouldn't want to shake her hand.
It's one of the time that we see Hollywood dealing with in history. I find this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the skies as a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him the research.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the skies are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can stick with it.
But I like control plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember we have the fiction to comfort us.
Only the fiction described the skysocks.
The fiction used the dominated, invitations to the table.
And look at what I got that again: the super Letter Strong, the Toraja Rome, the crazy Santa Richard, the same Mark Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 molecular cord and discovered on the Marshall Sea.
Armstrong and Alan were alone, but their presence in the surface gray was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo programmer, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alan after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of a return, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 picked up later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rick in 1962. They give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya: Some ask, why is the moon.
Why will we turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain, right?
So 35 years ago, why is it flying on the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas, right?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Point: For the contents, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder about the transcendence, of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policy is eradicated and the smallpox eliminates.
Technology seemed to put what Alvin Follower in 1970, called acceptance force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew to 40,000 miles or a hour.
Since 1970, no human beings has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has gone to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to have intrinsically results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 airport.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the electrical escape called Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last missing mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems as if the technologists had been distracted and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that are funded intelligent, Microsoft, Apple and Genes.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains most of which is wrong in Stanguabia Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their logical point without worrying about risk, they would prefer small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. always had problems to invest in technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and which development is long-term -- never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we would.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are things more important than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomass. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomass.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the entrepreneurs and the economists are according to about what policy and international deals will incentivize the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technological -- it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that famines are result of failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that affect catastrophic distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resist to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem: institutions must support the solution, should really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like this as a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems with those criteria.
But it's a regular model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no genetic competition as in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy as the difficult and the dangerous, and there's no popular science science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliches of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recognition, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task -- we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has delivered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have led in some activities or institutions that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can resort to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite constantly, judges. nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this evolutionary evidence.
What the survey survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Come on the greens?
Do you rely on fishers?
Do you trust the primate teachers?"
You'd probably start to ask yourself, to do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust you, but in other no."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depress trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like for a certain kind of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give reading class, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to target the good judgment to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will follow.
I would be able to have more confidence in what is meritter of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a party of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who put their savings with the very closely named Mr. Mathematica, which then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Department dependent or delighted with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, OK, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible.
And if we find that one person is competition in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest and then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're failure.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely stealth.
If it is, I haven't been approached.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Confidence is the answer.
Construction is what we have to judge in.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functions and so forth, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to be the part of the part of the part."
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional lives, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and trust, actually is doing the opposite.
What you do is do the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the parts, demanding that "they "get the cars, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, by goal.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be a trust worthy and we will convey the people that we're reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trusted worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- which is not right.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust in Ultimately, it's different because we give it other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't find it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to add free evidence that you are worthy of trust.
So how do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my caps says that I can give them back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change me by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're a trust worthy and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing out is not very difficult to discuss.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been failing to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be deserved.
This separation has gone down, getting more and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no bars?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong opinion against the screen transforms its physical body to pixels.
designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the Apple Apple division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Matt Bowlan, he brought the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise your hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book of a strange.
You can run the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that there are down every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest paper and make the digital information come to us?
Certainly, many of us will have bought and restore things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transport when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel that?
So what would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Repul Post, we created this only physical piece.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarity, what we did was we announced gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay for always in the physical world.
You can teach photographs physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the text, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to connect ourselves from our world.
We started talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that stays is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungari, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to be transferred to a classroom for athletes with all the pain skeletals.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineer, like them.
After survive the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a close path toward happiness, a safe and good job.
No matter if the job would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer, but my dream.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the access, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult was grateful for the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much better to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
"The "Power "The Company Charity Charity Charles Chair," "The Human History "Scoutless In 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth," it's about Chinese campaign.
And it's not propaganda. It understood.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revenue, "Handsong your father and your mother."
"Handout I said, "It's so different, and much better than I will go."
So it became my tool to get out of this confused current club and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit as well.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are up to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can take people from "Well France Francisco from Walker McCassura from David McDonald's who were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual people.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological -- lust, fear and social should be so interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Canado Tasmanian Tasting path "Trailer Waters "Walking California Instead of losing in the translation. I found that you can win a lot from it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "failure fast."
And "Greek in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel just or important ever.
Having a disaster dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from?
Even a messy dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first policy clients.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology at Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using vaccines and a soldier shore, and he threw in the couch of my office took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so related.
My class partner had a piece like the first client.
And I got a veterinary I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy only moving the head while we hit the solution.
"The triple are the new "People "The New Sea, and I was saying Alex -- and so I saw it, she was right.
You start to work afterwards, you start to work after that, you have children afterwards, even death later.
For advances like Alex and I had a time of about it.
But shortly after, my superconducting press me to introduce Alex to talk about his love life.
I resisted me.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under his category, and he takes a hot head, but it's not like being married with him."
And then my squad said, "It's still not, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before it causes."
This is what psychologists call a moment A."
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people sit head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 10th in Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex go the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negativity was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and its love life but for the careers, families and future flies everywhere.
There are 50 million periods in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one gets to the adult without going through the 1990s.
Hands up if you're in your 20s, you raise your hand.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with advertising, you love a veteran, you remove the dream of a veteran, I want to see you -- it's good. Amazing. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that shape her life will have happened for when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up with its second and final growth stage in its 20s, and it's reproduced for adults, which means that if there is something that want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times for their 20s than anywhere else in the life, and we know that female fertility comes to its town at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 is the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become a delivery.
But what we don't hear is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the veterinarians are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
The journalist is hated by non-like names like "Taliban and "Dead."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeleys said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think that happens when you give people painted in the head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency. And their ambition is absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart vegetables, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are coming up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better revolution the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the ages were like the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music was turned off, and they all started sitting at some time.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing down, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the penalts here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the triplets and so many of you start a career, choosing a city, choosing a mate, and having two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trinkers and quarters look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the veterinarians are doing and thinking.
So here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emmanu.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a moving.
And as it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very hard, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was getting herself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for director, and he had spent all morning crying with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words "In Earth, "Please call it."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me, and he said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?"
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a terrorist that really would be worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma went in front of it.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all blindness, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that would forget about that crisis of identity and get a capital of identity.
As a capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, of that company that you want to try to make.
I'm not discussing the very spined exploration, I'm discussing the exploration that I should not tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surprisingly.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the veterinarians who come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what are called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the veterinarians have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to hang this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then knowing the head of your neighbor is how to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vent, Emma soon will choose his family when he has a partner and she shapes his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
You might think that the 30 is better age to sit out than the 20 or even the 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or take you now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
Choose your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing your time with whatever you pick them up.
So what happened with Emma Emma?
Well, we went through that director, and she found the fingertips of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married with a man who was constantly chosen to.
He loved his new career, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now emergency contacts are not big enough.
Emma story may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vents.
It's very easy to help them.
The vegetables are like airplane that comes out of the Los Angeles airport.
Just before the tent, a light fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji Syria.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or at the age of 24, a good conversation, a good declaration, a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years, or even in the next generation.
This is my idea of spreading all the vegetables you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex about it.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to vegetables like Emma every day -- the transistors are not the new 20, they claim their adults, they get a capital of identity, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't let it define for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in genetic consulting for a job that was even more expensive, the doctor.
I went to teach students to sex students in New York City public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
They give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What I called the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best students and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no scores of C. structures.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are hard, properties, decodes, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
But what happens if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what careers would stay in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Conference of Detroit, and we tried to predict what children will move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers still are teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, what about these marketers are going to keep their job on work?
And who is going to win more money?
In all these very different contexts that emerged a feature as a major practice of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to their future, day after day, not just the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination issues, and then wait about more than a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when they were mapping them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Cancer Conference where determination matters. It's also in school, especially for the children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children a solid ethic.
How do I keep them motivated for the long term?"
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them down.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called "general" meeting."
This is an idea developed at Stanford December by Carol Dowa, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Deprecous has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, and we need to be willing to start all again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a calibratoria of a calculator, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me beauty, the shape and the figure of the Chinese characters.
From that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign foreigner, it seems to be as unpredictable as the Great Wall Chicago.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can quit this wall, so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the parts of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if it was shouting out in a cool way, "Australian." I'm starting to be from this symbol -- it's actually original about the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to get together."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person takes their arms, this person is saying it was like that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the combinations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idealism."  Easy to remember, because a blank tree is quite idiot.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of them.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's blinding.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperity.
Three together, those are flashlight.
Put the sun and the moon shine together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun goes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the door ceremony.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing out of a door, spreading, evaporating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radiations will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the birth sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the east of China.
So a sun next to the origami, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because the Chinese workers would give their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a step.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gland, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand, and take a magic variety of it.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex show of childhood fantasy.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later for years later, interestingly, another film whose prototypes -- a metal kid and a peanutic kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Open magician was done today, the magician would say, Dream, you're the said of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the magnificent computer-generated military records.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even rape are women.
I started to notice this when I saw "Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
Three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of survivor had gone down.  And so it was sliding in the room and I was impressed as a little mom with her pathogens behind it, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would it be value, persuasion and legislation?
Would I have the feeling that Luke is one army to defeat the government?
We compare this to the Okapi March of 1939.
How do you win Doroth your movie.
It's going to make good mice with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much Capital Capitol Ford, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow barriers?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Levite princess doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults that is mixed.  I think at the moment of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search is done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There's a lot of exceptions, and to defend Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the kids are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the paradigm, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Hebrew and Kates, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were a girl.
Until as many of you are thinking, this year finally came up.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critical said when it came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies passes the Beckey test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still hasn't been racialized and already spread, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Allison Bible is a comic drawing, and in the late 1980s, a conversation I had had with a friend on the assessment of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done -- in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
So their conversations are about something more apart from the guy that they all like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good movie, Argentina.
Right? South Russian success success -- an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie movie.
It doesn't happen to be the proof of Bible.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the creeters of the retreats.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, you come to bed, carbon?
This is Hollywood.
So let's feed in numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them believe they have female prototypes?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or paradox are closely linked -- but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual addressings.
Who are those guys -- what are they learning about?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we saving that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and the very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a piece of power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, can you turn power is going to protect you, if at the same time, active or passively we're educating our children to keep their children to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netura is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of the mass is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the advantage.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Wars -- know what he responded?
Obvious.
Obaha Kenya and Gland.
What do these two are in common?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I want to tell my son and see and fight only and more stories where it looks like his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I was most like to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
Yet over time, I was used to looking for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I will see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nilo.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do differently.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared to use.
This is a place located in the eastern desert of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place is seen as bright pink roof.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and ancient Egyptians activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Internet was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Media Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Farment, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the two kings of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous about 65 miles away.
Before, the Bill flows right next to Italian side, and as he changed over time, he went to the east and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a small city in a extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pain, with the eyes sold and using baseball guides.
So, we use NASA tourist data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flows from.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italian location.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the show takes in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human care.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of it, we found a dense layer of cerebral objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian -- five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period as we think it's Interpetitoxic.
We also found journey jobs. Current, short and gathering, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that date from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a leaf jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italian here, but we will go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably I was written in Islamic 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of the vocabularies.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D.C.
They make ideas really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine out outside the door to the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese noises in bicycle.
They're competing in a swimming race of bicycles and they go into direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this true.
They're properly permitted, they are supplying a lot.
And they collide in front against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying around, wheels that go on to their side, ray from the wheels that end up in absurd. They pass the threshold of the door.
The resistance, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light is shining on the Mountains Monologray.
He's waving them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making it store in your nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that it's about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and enter their living room.
In the room, and making use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
It's a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "The "The Baby One More Time."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow barriers, and from the oven come to you Drake, the Man of Palestinia, the Spanish and the lion of "The May of "The Open, and added from hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory Campaign."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise support.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different childhood habits.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a barrier of nanoscales.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Yeah, when did you realize you were a sand?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of us who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire book."
And my reaction was, "Yes. How did I not hear this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit extremely, said, "Jose, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spanish?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spains how to memorize order in a live of landscapes in a live liver, in national TV.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spans, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start by something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.U.
He's amazing, very likely, with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember he had a memory problem -- it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that lets you see how much our memory is that we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Piero. He was based on the role of Dust Housing in film "Man Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing phone books, was centralized.
And when you go back, you have a number of treaty about written memory something more than 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antairemal and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory and disability and crops was not as rare as it can seem like today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, to provide liberally their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people about this idea of a trained memory and disabled memory is this significant competition of memory.
It's actually not so silent. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or amazingly different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they even more intelligent than the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and snow forms -- found that in memory camps were limited in the brain, different parts of the brain.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tool of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where each year comes out with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory camp.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 dreams of defended names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,400 digital binary biomass.
Half a hour. Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end to one concept that psychologists call the electrical code.
It illustrates with a paradox elephant known as the Barack Parami," and I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you that there's a man called Bart."
That's his pass.
And then I ask you, remember there's a battery back."
And when I go back later, I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you about a lot?"
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is bathroom.
The same word, different reaction capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bay, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance on their head.
But the word battle." We know basis.
They use symmetrical white hat.
They have harmony in their hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some banana.
And when we put that word for the first time, we started putting the accidental hooks to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the metaphor of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Similarities that attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before that, if you wanted to give a very good party, not to a D, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up on his feet, he received her poem of memory and he got married, and so soon he left, the bank room is collapsed.
Put them all.
But not only killed all of us, but it destroys bodies by leaving them triggering.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting there.
So they wouldn't be able to bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
And similar, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the scans, close the eyes and realized that with your mind, I could see where every invited state.
He took the family families in her hand taking them where their loved ones were between the board.
What Similarity was doing at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and that is that no matter if we are good for remembering names or phone numbers or word instruments for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to recognize the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Symphones, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the brown horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and deceived, fair, scanner and appropriate being the image, more inclusive to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, the first memory treated in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in the ground.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory in the same way that you would have done it if you had been invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And it will be a kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and uncomfortable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely island competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Mountains of the Guards all over Mister E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cocade.
And then you would see Britney Spans to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would enter the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical ones.
In fact the typical term comes from the Greek Greek, which means "place."
It's a vessel of when people thought about the coral and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "In the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory stick.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got away from it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something wrong about this subculture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patient event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking tests, I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put you in your place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school area bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it really is about doing is getting more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, correctional images, productives, institutions, industrial and excited images, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and some security glasses with tape, leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory periodic experiment.
I thought this could serve from good epidemic for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and they are actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the sports of memory or memorize barrier boxes, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it's an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even attention.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of attention that most of us don't run around in there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things get memorialistic.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what E.U. I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to forgive us in the Ballison or iPhones, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walk on our side. Are we going to be so slowed that we don't even bother to process deeper?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to be just going to be a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' home in a village called Liberia, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the living room.
And there everyone was looking at the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all see me, and every time I slept and went back into a towel -- everybody would see me.
And I was like this.
It was tourist, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no area division -- but of those visceral connections, emotions, that we feel in the places we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we sit in this way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize ourselves.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it evolves to them, you think of power, "sensory" and democracy.
And I know that you think of it as a building in a building built 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a dense that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection. We've used this trick for a long time for a long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solar soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the people and the governments and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Liberian that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a pill -- it has this round thing, columns -- red blood, that they let the Liberian try to communicate with this building -- the children, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was done, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the painting.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly push new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's life forms today.
We shown and we showed up so much, that we completely fall away from people.
All of the black black, this depended on us -- you think we feel very good, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go on the other side and connect with those symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transported -- so we start to experience again, we make it scale back back and forth over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the called "relatively."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows in the demographic scale.
Really very hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the slope back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we like and update them.
We add together and add cake and use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give the bomb.
We take Chip arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval cars made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and colorful ways.
The oceans became columns of them.
The cities grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, moving to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the meditation, the French or the Italian, or the intelligence.
Probably with a bread.
This is what happens with computation.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we need memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tokyo.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started to make the glue back in the other direction.
In the '80s, and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decomposition.
We take the historical symbols, we now have new design techniques by computer, and we find new composition, a few ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and error, and it's super impacting, and it's totally exclusive.
Normally, the painting paint again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Bible of Bilbao from Frank Gehry from Frank Gehry.
This building actually changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golding said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academics and public in general, they were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times daily called this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao was increasing in 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Prison.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical -- how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was driven around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same faces of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennia.
I happened to Zach and Lisonians, and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all of architecture, and digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tuberculosis.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not quite a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, 100 more buildings, before I know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brushing was not a two-year movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the heritage, the steel or the restaurant, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the painting to the media, it starts getting faster and faster, until you get in both extreme extremes almost simultaneously, and effectively the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went down.
This is the center of a village called Pants in Iraqi Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Library libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new librarians."
We'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation -- of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's muscle.
Museums that can lead to the mayor of Liberia, the people in Liberia, and tell them that there is no single response to what can be a library today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use large words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a finite public that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen to it, and you don't let the architecture introduce.
That means that the own painting of a style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find the solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Veri can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that some robots can be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are emerging to the chapters of nature and not to the opposite of it.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for antenna, or even one can be married at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York, and to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's not a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of renders, both museum and financial like the animals that are going to be seen.
Because no matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to do more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
They find an architect, keep it up and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces -- local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the death of the door to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of a year, washing, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that he likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
You laugh and square, and it gives yourself those big and broad kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and he made me think, "When I stopped doing this?
How do we all suddenly aren't like our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I great?"
This is Faiza, it's 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And as any teenager just wants to be loved and fit up.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He's got a bit of fear, he's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the way that he is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or the school friends tell him, he doesn't know who he believe.
So it makes a video of it, publishes it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment, "Am I a beautiful or a faith?"
Well, until now, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so defensive, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which gets these responses in one of the most vulnerable life of life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their majority teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, talking to me, saying, starting, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room all nights."
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implants.
This environment, to be always connected, is taking our children to self-interest based on the number of "I like you and the kinds of comments that you get.
There's no division between a online life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is magnificantly manipulated by it.
What is the most respected in someone in the face of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
Selection models continue to dominate our passes.
The technical technique is now a routine now.
And trends like sense, storm, and Brazilian and army.
For those of you who know, spread means professional.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
The ones of sports surfaces of sports, and the road singers in the sports.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities -- their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the nice enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical care.
One in five are not going to class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, especially if you don't think you're slow enough -- you will get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that about appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it goes regardless of what these young people do.
So, for us to be right, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is developing academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
The adolescent teenagers do less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more non-making diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make decisions more risky, like the consumption of alcohol and drugs and dramatic diet surgery, sex relationships to early ages and no protection and deliberate damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preserving the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of assets.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity.
Liberian this potential is an interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to raise trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follows our children are not just going to have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are curious points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the reserves in the issue and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
The current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the approach of our politicians on hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to instant that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because of the way they look like.
All of us can start doing this by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children will grow up to value all of their people, by valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion inclusive.
We need to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because only we will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never going to stop them to be who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
Do you want?
Do your sister?
Your daughter.
To his supply?
Could it be just the woman who is two inches away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice inside his interior, that he takes away from not having long legs -- more thin leaves -- a more flat, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we put this up and we would say goodbye to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way that you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do, and how they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in the curriculum.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trains of an age of age today, they become agents of safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5, 1990, a gentleman named Ellaria Nanopatch entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder the Rabbi Mericlovement Kahma, the leader of the June of Debate.
Now, we initially declared it innocent. But being pressure for other minor charges in the company of others, they began to plan attacks about 12 icons of New York, including tunnels, binary and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans are frustrated by a FBI informant for luck.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later to be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Ellion Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a beloved American mother, primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human groups, there are always a little fraction of people who are strongly clinging to their convictions that thinks we have to use all possible media so that everybody lived like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island to practice.
He said I was going to go with him the next day.
We got to the Palestinian wall pollen who, without knowing our group, was self-consuming by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that shot him to the little orange light on the objective and for the surprise of all of us, especially me, all the target of the call.
My uncle turned to the others, and in Arabic, he said, "It was "back baby."
In such a father, a kid.
To the all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
These people later would be convicted by putting a contrast with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "magic," which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had been moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody else that was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class often was a mathematical victim.
I was considered secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and retreat, was enough mutation.
So most of the time I went home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it did not develop social skills, to say it so slowly, to grow under fantastic, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So, how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a productive program where I participated at the National Jenning Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on juvenile violence, as I had been victims of killing almost all of my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from diverse protections.
One day, to the end of the convention I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no marriage between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was really proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was a remarkable.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
And all of the life had been taught that the homosexuality was a sin and by extension, all the homosexual were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most gentle and less critical I'd ever seen in life.
Having been accused of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homosexual, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daniel Shaman."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intelligence, and I was helping to see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my police figure at a time when I was desperately getting it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraction, wasn't in sand.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would get in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless diagrams and said, "I'm tired of helping."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zach international.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was given to this violent and intellectual ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prisons.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced for them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism to speak, against those without sense, as I refuse to my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that projects in their minds.
It's an amazing culture movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a Southern sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has addict, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger your play.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like the moments of your childhood who are projecting before your eyes.
And it has constantly an superimposed voice in your focus of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a own consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consciously?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why aren't we just robots that processed what we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie experiment?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
The consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, you press that vision.
psychology was actually studying the behavior of the behavior -- the neuroscience studied the brain, but no one ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After that, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said, "Now it's the moment for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a station of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations here.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No to offend neurogenesis.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real core mystery of this stuff, why is that every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon, like submissions, like housing, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the symbols, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how do we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the superconductor, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific mathematics of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the automation that worked, for a long time, hit me against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanation, great. We used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness right now is kind of a analogy, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how to even know.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reduction theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time that I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bright] -- space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
On the contrary, it is constantly considered to build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is approved.
In the 19th century Mahador found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts in terms of previous fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find about consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas, space, time, mass charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to fix the list.
The most natural awareness would be to boost consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space time, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could take them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could store them on a shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passion: "Power, by everybody, psychologist by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even Rob Knee microbes -- the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think about.
It's not that a photo can be full of distress when he thinks, "Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roofs."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude feeling -- subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anybody think about that crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, which is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like the others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems important, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and most powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is to minimize consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complete information processing as a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Michelin Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called pain, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing high degree of information integration, a high degree of pain, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a degree of information integration, just as quite significant.
But when you get to the worms, microbes. particles, the degree of pain said.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tokyo theory, there is still a different level of awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of pain, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that panic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of equations?"
From the painting vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, the consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness doesn't find outside of the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there at the center.
This vision, I think, painting vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetarian.
If you're a painter and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral connectivity, not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie "History?"
Is it consciously?
According to the vision of the panic information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of going off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collectively, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience at a TED Talk, at this moment we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this paralyzed vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that from the second, that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents, because I wanted to tell you for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't done anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's box, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Burnington Same Valley and Daniel Creet."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Meleria, just after about 20 minutes at the class of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you get your speech?"
I said, "What discovered the speech?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people on wheelchair, they talk about inspiration things in school?"
"He usually in the action room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities like inspiration objects.
And we are not. And it's not blame of the kid, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be seriously.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you've lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something bad, a mask, Mex market.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you great.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make any exceptions.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one excellence, "Your excuses is invitation.
Or this one: "Before I left, "Internet of Olympic."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the no hands by drawing with a pencil suspended by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legal carbon little legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term of the detailed porn because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we picked up the disabilities in benefit from people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, so bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been looking at strangers to express that they think I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like you would congratulate me in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to cook.
These images, those images cost people with disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We get out some things.
But the things that we overcome aren't the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term people desperately, deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we're more disability because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best thing about your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to pick it in the way that we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're an inspiration source that says it as a complex.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by being being inspired by inspiration and you think, "For God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something?"
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I won't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of baby pieces to pick up the things that are falling down.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that is remaining and costs us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a shore of stairs has never done that it becomes a rain.
Never --   Soviet to a television screen will not appear to appear to the deaf people.
None of a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irrigating a positive attitude will convert all those books into the deck.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Buddhist the Valley Space, is not considered by anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much low expectations of the people with disability that we're happy by lifting up from bed and remembering our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school of Meleria is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
disability doesn't make us exceptions, but questioning what you think you know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a non-control dog of a door?
Unfortunately, I just answer one of those questions, so please don't describe.
When people think about it, they think about "Minister Report," and in Tom Cruise holding hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, this is what I wear -- the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man who stood up with us, trying to tell us with all their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine going up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kly: Come on.
It's horrible to be a conducting.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Do you ready?
Go!
Chris Kly: As you can see, it's a proud of what is being treated in the football field, from the perspective of the table.
You may have realized that you have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cookies at the University of Washington.
Field marketing: "The "Cancer Children's "Mills.
Blue eight, Blue eight." Go!
Chris Kly: This is a little bit more to feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marketing.
Or from a road?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Good and Google Glass, how do we get from filled with the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Octobers Rime, which surely many already know.
The Rift Ocean has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing play."
Oh, my God. Oh.
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we get a video from Adrianne Peters crossing the line, stockpiling from a tagging with the arm before we run and make an adaptation? What is the experience of a fan.
And when you can be Mess running through the candle, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Frederick doing a shore in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic corner?
Maybe you increase the sales of spots for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Rome.
How do we get augmented reality, Roy?
We'll take the augmented reality when the coaches and the bridges and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief break on the technology at the NASA.
In 1965, the Battle of Baltimore put a wall into his field marketing so that he would play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL placed radio in the hackers of the field markets and then in the defenses.
They had more spectacular because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2020, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next players shown in front of you, in a plastic tour that you wear -- you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties like a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game to play the game.
How would it be doing?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people down there.
You also get information from the heads of the helmet and the approaches, something that you're already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent to you.
The bad ones are going to get information.
This will differentiate the good teams of evil.
So your computer team will be as important as your reconstruction, and the analysis of data will stop being just for nerves.
It's also going to be depressions. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the country?
Imagine that they're the field marketing.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flash on the left part of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack -- normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Royal system is about it.
Area to the protection area.
Another fluid tells you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you would give you the ball.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight a area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It approaches, catching the ball, running and another.
The public put up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a mass emotion on the game.
To make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and cord, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is it worth this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a training how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be posted?
How much is it worth a Hall Harvard or a Neil Derek Toyso trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than starding notes and Karachings?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service in the Higgs Patric Patrician in California.
So most of those 23 years I was painting the southern end of the Marine county that includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Stanford, engineering chief to build the bridge, he said that, "The bridge is basically a supply test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as a lot, so that the each from him released you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones -- some of which basking vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
Those of you who don't normally get back into the helpless water, and then you get stuck.
I don't think that the people who control this suicide method would realize the death of death that they will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get to get away from life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an official with her life.
I want to tell you that we were successful that day to bring it back on the screen.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers as well.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychological officials train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the corner near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he flew down here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice as long as New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I asked you if we knew the Paris box story.
Remember the Greek mythology Zealan, Zealan created Paris, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could be more than Paris, and she opened the box.
They came out of it, penis, and all kinds of bad things against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope."
He stopped in the right, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This nice and smart boy in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The cartoonical damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a family member of your family or a friend of loved was substantly?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you know, or tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Do you have in similar circumstances have thought to end your life -- you've had these thoughts?"
To confront the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on the 19th of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and he is with her permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unacceptable, but I'm going to notice more moments to really realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Professor to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Professor of Professor and I reported it as I disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house, and they reported me that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it from the bridge at 1850 in the late day of the day.
Thanks so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayer is with you on your fight.
The GGues, the Golden Galletton Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery at all.
Good luck this week, Vicelling.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call for a possible subject in the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I watched this man, Kevin Bertraid, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to decide that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it make you come back and give hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me."
You let me talk and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Lord Britain, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was crying out of help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those healthy traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like the say.
We thank God for you.
In debt with you, Natalia Bertraid."
And at the end she wrote, "Pear -- when I visited the San Francisco General hospital that night, you were fighting as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Supermarket is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather subsequently succeeded with poison.
That act -- despite finishing its own pain, I am a chance to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who considered suicide, wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain.
Typically, this is just three ways: death, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and subject calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved with, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason Jason.
The other was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I was holding my hand in three times.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Kenya, I feel it, but I have to go."
And I jumped up.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one who left the gang realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and every one of us should be striving for doing.
Substance can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not you, but in your inner you know what you are, and one question: How do you become that?
I should be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way.
When I became a model I felt I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture, I think about it, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I am just beginning.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing, to get rid of the limits of the skin of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo that is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this piece is called revenue.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child, because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?"
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to automate me.
The gender has always considered a immune fact, but now we know that it is something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never forced myself to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad at, but how the world is treating those of us who want to be released.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have a mom, Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the ships.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still had a man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transplant beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty of beauty?"
He told me that if she was involved in the spectacular expenses and the window of the window, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, he won in ball suit and was a third sign between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the beauty of beauty of transported women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the sparks, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I resisted me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the generation of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two "mine to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe cities.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of Gene and the February of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their document of identity means being able to drive or be able to get a transport, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were missing members.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman by American Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was mostly living his truth, but he was definitively, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global view for the Commental Day of the Transposition.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, I am coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there are no more Vinci 20 violence.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Kather Schwarzliday, Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rocket: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my blinds.
To my support network, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been to young women who have been sending, and sometimes when they call me and tell me that their parents could not accept it, I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all assigned a gender of birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that space doesn't spin, and that there should be a space that allows people to automated people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The shipping movement is beginning with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malay started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were hungry, in 2011, when they were hooked by the National Prize Jewish Prize, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice. inequality, violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a girl born, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome. It's not for your father, or for your mother.
The neighborhood comes from, gives her conductors to mother and no one happily to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, they compete, and with the hope of a son, when he turned his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter is born, the daughter is born, when it grows, suffering as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admit to its siblings.
Up to the age of 12 years, somehow, has a good life.
It can be fun.
He can play with his friends on the street, and he can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it comes to 13 years old, it was banned to go out of your house without a male shell.
He's confined at four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and their brothers and his family, and if they turn the code of that honor assumption that could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this idea of honor code, not only does it affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy.
And there is one more standard of panalguable societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet and very humble and very support.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl should be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accepts the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly even if he doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a displaced way.
If the house is very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, you call it disability.
And what happens at the end.
In the words of a poet, the house, the shop, and then it gives birth to more children and girls.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
dear brothers and sisters, when Maldive, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the news notes, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malica from Mandela, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malay.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old in my school.
So why should I mention a girl acquisition in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the child's life.
Inspired by a school means the recognition of its identity and its name.
An acquisition to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations, where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters. And none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was using the Canadian visional form, and I was on the relative part to family, I couldn't remember the footsteps of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my brothers written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to link them into their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malay.
I've been impacting all these good values in my school to girls and children alike.
It uses education for emission.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of the sentence.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the help call.
dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called a Tanginger.
That means a complete denial of women participation in all political and economic activities and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
Musicians were silent, the rough girls and the killed singers, the slides.
They suffered millions, but a few talked -- and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and rooftop when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malaysia, he woke up and lifted up to education.
He wrote a baby for the BBC blog, offered himself for the New York Times documentaries and spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a lunch around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, they shot on his head.
It was a great day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was defored between life and death, he whispered the ear to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter?"
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
It disappeared the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you.
They both were on the right path and God will protect you.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital and had severe painful pains, because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained again.
I used to say, "I'm well with my smile there and with the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get fine. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and it was considered.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest times, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he wasn't just his job.
It fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malay so courageous, expressive and environment?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Montana group of Google, where I've had a division to my heart, the visible division of Google X visualization, but all the work I would talk about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Are you just as smart or not?
If it's not going to be like that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a lot of it will take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I had nothing to die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemistry, and try to get them, to keep alive.
More than one time I've saved a little bit.
But luckily, I have a speed of experimental -- so I decided that I would experience to try to get the random doses because there really doesn't exist.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my automobile, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case -- for a few months, I tried a little bit of times and typical chemicals for a man of Adam, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fortunate, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the versions of the past.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrow.
In fact, I was trying to, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when we adjust those hormones and neuroscieces and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get these mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do that? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humo, Decembers and Holestonis see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who question this idea, and there's a lot of discussions about how the mind works, for me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the point right and I've got lots of great mental manipulates, really vivid manipulates, well sophisticated and good.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director could be able to use its imagination just to steer the world that has in front of it?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to coming to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Girl Gands and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as I imagined -- watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the center of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost none.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost none.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recognize visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great range of brain reactions before video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the development of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us board.
We're pretty close to achieve it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is open the skull.
I don't offer myself to that.
And so many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me. counting with the recent result of the MRI -- first of all, we should ask you the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increases for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets we do better pictures.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different artists, like doing a spreading.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI went to make real magnets really big, right?
However, most recent advances in the resolution of innovative and brilliant solutions in collaboration and decoration, in transitions and recording recorded from FM in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use strange magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the pattern processing patterns of FM radio, we can massive the information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the RNA we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood or the of the hormones and neurologists that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking.
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter figures?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few options more than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
Your closet, you may say to somebody for the first time your love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have attracted in life.
All arms is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived from that closet is a universal thing.
It's scary. And we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Side, Walkery Capito, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the local military intention, not to stretch my armpits -- to quote the letters of the And Frank Di France as a legislation.
And I'm going to be aware of my pain of my short pants and having taken my head out of my head, and I would ask a little boy, "Hey, are you a kid or girl?"
And it would appear to be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a short store.
The father should instantly stop the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold, looking at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?"
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to go back into the female issues at the table.  I had the quote from Betty French.
The quote of Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
And then I breathed up and I went down and I went down and forth, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or girl?"
And so I went back and forth, I put myself out of the back of it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
All right, I'm more than a common piece of painting.
And that little girl looked at me at the time, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a cancer, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, yeah. You're a girl.
What about the control that I ask?"
It was the easiest conversation of all that I've ever had.
And why? Because the child of the control and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color are walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my arm is not different from yours or yours or yours.
I would probably give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was more difficult than coming out of you, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell someone who has been told in the broken bank is harder than telling me it's been blend?
Who can tell me that this story that I'm telling you is more difficult than telling your five years that you're going to diverse you?
There's no thing more difficult, there is only the hard.
We need to stop classifying what it's difficult to do for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than what the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made of, a market is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a high-speed dress and shoes of high tent.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old boy who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of the fear of a corner of my dark closet, putting my graduate gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, full strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was turned back into purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grandmothers was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that a lot of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honey lady laboratories, in my black dress and towels, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me was years.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Langu."
And the gay ice battle had begun.
"Well, once you were in the Calculator?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"All right, do you know my standard Anton?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having a girlfriend."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grace.
And you know who we love us? Jack know?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, but in waiting to show desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, I finally said that I was on my side, like, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like all the grains of grandmother.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were exploring.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you spread?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how difficult conversations are still my strong point.
Ask anyone that I was out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of Congress.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it means to get out of any closet.
Number one: Be authentic.
Be the arms. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have an armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genetic, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it -- throw your paintings out.
If you know they're gay, it will give you.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out safe wounded seriously, discussing what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find out in a dark dark pushing a grandmother, you should know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very simple, but they're not.
Thank you, Booth. Enjoy the spot.
Institute, what is that?
If you look at the story of what intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edison Discoveries that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim.
When Edristic Discoverists wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of computer as Alan Turing crimes.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you don't have any concept of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until some moment in time, the asteroids that are going to give the surface of a planet mostly stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that were still, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
For example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally drawn to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action to do complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together -- I asked you, I asked myself, did a few years already -- there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different subjects?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = me for the intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is a statement that intelligence is a force that is forever, F, which acts to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the options open with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible future, to an impending time of the future.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How productive is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research have suggested that the universes that produce more desert, or entry, during their life should be tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that constant cosmological connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy production, but actually emerges from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is within it.
Amazingly, interface could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even winning money by buying action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Just like a human foot without falling down, here we see England balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave interface a goal.
He just decided by his talk to balance the position.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technology.
This use of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that interface can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Internet is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting itself into itself, putting their potential for the game.
So here we see interface to organize new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful network connected.
This same capacity of network orchestra also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Encourage to organize the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand on the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, interface is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discover and execute a burden strategy -- they sell in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully, increasing assets under their administration exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wislands -- what you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the use of the term robot, the "Trailer World -- there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber relevance.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber cyber to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart, and then Malaysians, and that they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, how is it that looking for goals is from this kind of cart?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the consumer of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when the planets go through them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this testing of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is changing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot, recorded.
Gravitational glaciers and ice that have been with us from thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the computer sector.
Now, as a very interested in search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets you look for the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet, and the planets we know better -- the from our solar system.
Take our neighbors, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kelly.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rover records like the Court trace its surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their ability.
private companies now offer not just short spaces, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pins, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, places really excited compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen exhausted by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets will drag with a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influenced subtletost of the only planet that we know is truly habitable the Earth.
As much as I like the international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the Taliban is going to have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not contradicted.
No, they're actually faces of the same monitor: the goal of understanding, preserving and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as extraterrestrial pages.
It just gets closer at home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and short-graders of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the Air Fermi physicist asked a question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life existence so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Ferran paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's argumented to think that only interpersonal colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage the environments of Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where he had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a cell, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a grain could take a long time to come in, and it made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was about my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but it sure that I did not even more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances of the circumstances, it was well stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correlation Liberia increases the heart rate, modulate the levels of adrenaline and climate thinking.
And when I came to the school show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started to ask myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, which is that bad things happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month after my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanza, winning the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prostitution prostitution.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written this a few years earlier, known as the premature as well.
You all know what the police is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the spring, as Danny explain to me, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happening or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a premature.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will trigger a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking track of the location of important things, where it is the good, where the fish are located, the fruit trees, where the friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was grateful in the Tomons of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows chairs to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the chickens, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys from the car, reading glasses and passengers.
So at home they set up a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you set up a place and are superior with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver to drive, pass, send them for mail for themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the guess.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases correlation.
Cortex is toxic and included thinking.
So part of the prime practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is suggested as a promise for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you have to take from which a rational assessment of facts would benefit from.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, brain delay.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to tell you a drug that will help you reduce coloration, a status."
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even you probably are likely to know people who take them.

But there's a question that you should do then, then a statistics that should be asked for most doctors don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NGO, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And you should think about what kind of destructive statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilt of the doctor, and if it's fault of someone, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Glamour estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recreated state -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is about the research of cynical researchers Jerusalem Ground and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloodan.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid one year before they avoid a single heart attack, and stroke, or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my collaboration.
Why not do I document? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Hello of the secondary effects. Right?
For this particular medicine, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: decorative pain and artificial pain, but now you think, "The five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think clearly.
So think about how it would do this over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 people have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out for the drug that help you help your drug help you.
I don't say they should or not take the stage.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation of whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the men in the middle of 50 -- the extraction of cancer prostate -- the number need to deal with is 49.9 percent.
That's about 49 surgeries for a person who has help.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the military dysfunction or urban income, recording free, fecal income.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just one year or two.
So the idea of the cousin is to think before time the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, do you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change on the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that they turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Fast to face with a predator -- not necessary or liberal or immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapid. You might get to be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is rational logical thinking, like Danny Katrina and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Reminiscent at night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination career alongside the door, with a key of the entry door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "Piano is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sound.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "plant in the particular, you need to touch more super-sumples.
Two pieces, even more smile.
Four piece," extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a piece of "pioneer," there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of "percent -- you might have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, and the APA, as a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1980s, and with the time step, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as APA.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
Now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following blessed their rules, costs, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alarmody and they amplify sound.
And I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't beat the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the ball back."
"Don't eradicate, and when you're eating -- make sure you're not going to grab the covers in the plate."
I all call it sound tank."
I may think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm a very compelling of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TEDTalk to decide for you.
TACS, for continuing to go.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see that the pandemic has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle books and sands.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "the "Pearling" at ALS.
A typical pandemic has five lines.
However, to me, doing my thumb like this is not natural.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces in different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and it called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all audio.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through your ears.
I can feel it totally tough, or experience it visually or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and give it to you.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt the sound was oblivious -- it was something from a mind person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well be decided to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose to be ended.
There's a massive culture around talking language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me just as and become my voice.
And so I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I would not continue with this practice, I feel that it could be taught in the forgotten and not having any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in APA.
The two are very space and highly models that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so they understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The APA is divided in many different geometric parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and like that, as you touch the piano -- the English is a linear language, like you just put a keyboard at a time.
And yet, the APA is more like an accountant, you need the 10 fingers to be killed to express a clear concept or an idea in AS.
If you only change the car, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and birthday and volume.
At APA, when you use these different geometrical parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the failure signal in that."
This is the failure signal on that."
I'm looking at you.
You look at it.
Oh, I was liked.
One Oh.
What are you looking at.
Oh, both."
So I got to think, and if I look at APAT through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single single sign, the sun goes out and puts it.
This is all the day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can tell you about the night ..."
All night at night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "I noticed," "I don't know the night --  "The night."
I feel the third one has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in APA and how distance to body can express changes in time.
For example, one foot -- it's a hand, two heroes. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So, the first example is a long time ago.
Then, passed, "I added "away" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, there was one time."
"Trivial "Trillion American time, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times for companies.
However, when I see the word "man," I think automatically at the same time."
Look MIT: Right hand right hand -- left hand.
We have the paper through the head and the chest.
(Music: Meet, flow farm -- "The Community -- E, sheet flower, I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called "get "general "geet."
Can you do it with me?
All with your hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in the head like the chest, something like common time, or "the same time."
Yes, very good.
That means weaving in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs in the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this is this.
It means "confused] at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please get me back again.
And again.
It's lighting at ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"We will love and "place and "literacy" and lighting.
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the NSA is alive and propelled, just like music.
But today, we live in a very autonomous world.
And just because AIDS doesn't have sound, automatically has no social value.
We need to start questioning what social value and allowing the APA to develop its own value, no sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AO: You don't have to hear music.
The APA is a rich, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kharing: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all up, but then you have to climb it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble -- I must say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also inspire and that they're not very good at cleaning the others.
The time, I am now an adult and I teach a city and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach, they have lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it up.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spinal thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those enormous boat.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny little classroom in Hong Kong in a table.
We started building this work of work with advertising height, so that the very low children can also participate.
And I will tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- the children get very excited about robots.
We then created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before to lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras and put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer of the board will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an accurate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Institutions," hoping that someone else is best even more.
The cool thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they eat the Internet, and they spread with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Subroka, the largest mangroves of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink is the water in which they're bathed, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also from brown colors, and when it all mixes up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can kill through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrumes, which can help identify what's in the water.
We take this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can research a problem at a distance, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further away, maybe I will address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fusician -- a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still filtering from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fusian radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe sense, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fusician every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we go to the control center, and here you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radio all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategies -- individual, etc.
And to do this, we created a reduction map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pills to represent data in real time from creativity, and we spray water to simulate the rain.
We were able to notice that the radioactive dust is filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and decodes in the ocean.
It was an approach to it.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles from the nuclear cell, and with the help of the fishermen in the area we were collecting sea milk sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can actually become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be a child again.
Students: Apple accelerate." Accept."
Celebrity Harry, asking things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radio are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators creative, creatures, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin chairs, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one in a single silk skin.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
An impose of the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michael angel said that when he looked at the memory in brutality, he saw a figure that was fighting for being free.
The filmmaker was the only tool of Michael Angeles.
But living creatures are not clip.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by recording regions and mass production.
The mountain lines have dictated a world made by parts of parts and finding out the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think of their objects as a bit of particular parts with different functions.
But you don't find homosexual materials in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are deliberately deliberately deliberately.
The skin skin is more thick with little ports.
You act mostly as a filter, the other mainly a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no properties.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of the space.
Here is a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work currently between the cince and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere, and the right, analysis and synthesis is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, trying to bring these two visions of the world, getting out of the assembly and rising to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where four disciplines are going to offer access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- large-scale structures, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour reach of diameter with a very distant back that some day not very far to print entire buildings -- and graphic graphics made of genetically engineered microbials that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each abundance is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a Paris fashion club with Irish van History. It's like a second skin made from one piece recorded in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaboration, we printed this layer and failed 3D displays between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 miles.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also that absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this pattern of irrelevant surface, it becomes sound.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in righteoone, opportunity and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another analogy, but growing continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she relates, "In the third day of creation, God sent to Earth to grow a frustrating crack of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and curves, streets and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if objects were made from one piece of piece?
We'll go back to a better state of creation, "The Britain.
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called the spong, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, eradications and butterflies ...
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multicultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal brown.  We were asking a lot of shrimp fishermen, we put them and we produced short pain.
Various chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple streams of extraordinary controlled extremism.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3.5 feet long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why are we still designing with plastic plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photosynthesis microbials that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of violence on mesh and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit charge of fruit charged.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp from shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biomedically, put them in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table -- we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computers, manufactured by additive and augmented shape.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid animal, only instead of transmitting precise metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microscopis.
The first is the biomaterial.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater streets.
And second, E. color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
A turning light into sugar, the other sugar consumes and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbials are not interacting in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not for natural selection, but design evolution.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their function on their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by taking the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we did more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it stretches from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine slow.
And here it is, as a cousin at TED, our first perfect philosophy, brilliant liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We are lived creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and solve our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. It adds with sophistication.
This worm card, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home inside which is metabolized.
The non-like manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers in each other.
And this happens through scales.
So silk worm first goes into the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to dine a copy of compression.
The tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process, we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm to the ice.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat square, not within a box, we realized that it dances a flat cap and still metability based.
So we started designing different environments, different scientists, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the car structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They're often boiling the silk worms into death inside their cards, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a car.
They are self-supported, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a toilet robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms to darker areas and cold, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or advances, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the drugs.
We asked 1,500 worms of silk to a online farm farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to dine with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the sand, and as they were diabetest, they were all self-degree, they were put out, they put eggs and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
A biological silk on the stolen silk room, they give all of this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65 sex worms 3,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The chickens after the crash, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra paints in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty file.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, we will make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?"
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. three. three. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be more?"
It has caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?"
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and the art and I developed websites, too, played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of bored -- this feeling of this, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, totally different, and I dive into it, and I let it absorb and I feel "Yes! I've found my own, and then again this point where I start to bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions, and let me be able to get bored.
Another reason I had so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong on this, and something wrong on me for not defined by anything.
I was worried about having a fear of engagement, or being fired or to automate or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have done then.
Ask themselves, where they learned how to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, you learned it from culture.
We are asked first "What do you want to be more?"
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer that age.
You think about an naive question to provide cute answers in children like, "Be astronaut, or "I want to be a piece."
Take the Haitian disguised here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow in various ways, p. eight, to high school students are asked they're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?"
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, he doesn't inspire dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you add up maybe they are laughing and say, "Oh, what a cute but you can't be artificial and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is a sound of violence and psychologist.
And this Amy New, magazine editor turned into illusion, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose to.
But it's more than that.
The continuous life notion is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocabulary, the idea that each one of us has something you will spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that he wants to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong on you.
You're a multiplayer.
A multiplying is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a boat like that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: music, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a subtle, resistance.
For the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Barack Sam refers to us as schools."
They use any term they like or invent a own.
It seems like a kind of advantage to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplayer as limitation or addiction that you should beat.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it is this way.
Here are three multiple surfaces.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
The Haiti and Rachel Bing expressed their shared interests in cartoon, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mesopot.
Mexico is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Rachel came up with this single idea for its epidemic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
The new ideas.
And the multiplications, with all their antibodies, can access a lot of these points of intersections.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multiplications are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being primarily, because it was a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
North Dune is a full-time journey and interviewed writer.
As a young pianist, a personal ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before I turned into writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started its practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launches for editors to write for the editors for the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to go to what you get attracted to, even if you go to the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Carol is sometimes director of videos, other people, designers on the website, sometimes consulting Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can persist to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, quick learning and adaptable: three skills where the multiply are very blood, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in feeding the multiplications to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplayers right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a special and a multiple empathy.
The specialists can dive down in depth and put in practice ideas, and the multiply provides an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are engaging with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multiple people in large part of them are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the inner wiring whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multiple people in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recruit with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore interviews.
Our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps the most important, multiplying, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1993, a woman named August led to a psychiatric in Facility.
Audience delicated and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Allegades.
Alec didn't know how to help August, but I was walking through it, until unfortunately, passed in 1966.
After his death, Alice did an automobile and found strange plates in the Orange brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing even more surprising.
If Our Audience had been alive today, we couldn't give it more aid than Alice gave him 140 years ago.
Allegades was Dr. Allegades Alzheimer's Dr.
And August Detroit, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1993, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-actual to HIV, stars for the cards and much more.
But a little bit has been produced at Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it'll affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that their years pass with Alzheimer's or help care about a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's disease.
Already in America, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent at Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and the cost of the cost of five times in the year 2050, as they were aging the generation of the baby baby bank.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively done to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one who can't prevent it, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases, because we've invested less time and money at the same research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than at Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should have -- the Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 140 years, all of the last hundred years, all the scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will become safe in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy health brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the October brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
We know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are penis.
And when it goes well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules point into each other, forming groups that can form big plates and small.
That's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step to block is complex, as a bomb.
Complaining a cable could do anything.
The others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that block, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in guys.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These guys, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are passed between each other within them, as humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial solution, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to get that hope, to visit Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We should be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move through HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too worn to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They help for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January of this year.
So to love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are climbed to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you fill before another person?
And alone?
As you move around, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, this really likes me -- Tell your partner what you love from him or she -- I know very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have ever known.
When I stumbled through this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but since then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love with us, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent her to the Louis Moore's column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you still still?
And the reason I believe this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views.
And that was a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already been called the Envision Show and the Google Morocroban America.
In a month, the paper received more than eight million views, and I was to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing sensory about other loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the phrase, "Are you going to follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman shouted, to the stage, "Hey Manday where is your news?"
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the result of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have led to life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every petition that we both made a public emergence together.
I was recording television interviews, and you remove the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the innovative icon of the present process, a range for which I didn't feel at absolute capital.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked. Either if it was able to produce listening love, not just an adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to go together or not, and then say that?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called sophisticated personal openness and properly and recovery.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study did work.
The participants were more close to doing it. Several poster studies also used the French Framery of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, that combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little bit of liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with a scary: I tried the study and it didn't work.
He seemed decorative for it.
I said, you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Did you feel that they were getting better after testing the study.
The attack.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled through the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I was 20, which was practically my whole adult life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew into science.
I spent everything I could find about romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be vaccinated by the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was drawn to the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I can actually demand to me.
What I'm looking for from love is a guarantee not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be overwhelmed by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love us.
There may be a way for some ways to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask, are you still together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who your love deserves and who not?
How do you stay in love when things completely compete, and how do you know when to cut and distort?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your mate?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want to look at the short version of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same as being loved.
Let's love the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice of being it.
And I get through a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that I knew that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we would have that decision to make that decision, and how much of it will have to continue to do that choice without knowing before he would always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and kind, and fun that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of my paper, which is, to purpose, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian lessons, and in a way, I got as a gender of the forest.
New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box and buried a dollar bill and a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
And at a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and threw all the pages and made a sort of cells called the Agnes Martin, the resident covered and a bee was caught.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- somehow it seemed like it increased size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, breaks, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow transmitted, draw the same as a clothes on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own team of investment species.
First, buttons, that you can do an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the restaurant layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Scotting.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the session.
So I did this for years, and my work calls with something very big, which I call a clip."
For the climate crazy, I was inspired by a great measure in "The Garden Boston Deliclen" that is a painting at the Prachant Museum in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the cluster." I'll explain this piece.
I weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the launches.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this strength of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the farm, ready to suicide in mass getting in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a head.
Bill Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the oil platform of the deregality. Wall, the refugee of Osama bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a chemistry.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he hears oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the crazy.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a trajectory, like a bird peak and spit out of this trajectory.
It also has a 52-year-old tail, a seat of snake that binds the cluster."
Anyway, his tail is going to be standing on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a hidden eye of collapse made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "scientifically."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are encourage, dictionaries or journals.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking you years.
Each one is basically a microscope population that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest -- you can put the entrance in.
I'll be accompanied by the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or note, or whatever it has, a kind of anti-complex thing.
It's a quick break of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside the training ability.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Peanut Woods.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician -- a radio emitting, a museum, a rush, a school emitter, a museum -- a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We think about the box and all the people on the inside of each other as particles as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who and the box it's living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with double and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hit your head?
Take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the guts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and interested in which any sort of dramatic medicine in the body.
The device, however, is that when you treat it, any drug is disconnected.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cell recovery.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they discussed, and worse even for the time they take to get to their fate, which is where it's more important, in the HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gentlemen, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inspired and it's not easily in the blood stream of patients that are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the translation of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of living advertising by the ocean.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the descendant of the virus, without the risk of deliberation of the medicine?"
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in a hyperactive, for the care and surgery care of diabetes, you can use for anything imagine, including the intrinsic transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
To the best, you say, "How is that possible?
We send a small and powerful ray ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are immersed in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser on the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microscopes.
Before you even notice, the hole is removed immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incidence in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug -- releases it directly at the site of infection, whereas laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this is not a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
Over the last decade, I've been studying army groups -- are not statistically organic organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
Documentary of what these groups do when they're not shooting down.
My goal is to understand better to these genetic agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a state of states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and normal actors.
For example, from the 2109 signed peace arrangements between 1975, and 2011, 1969 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but nobody really analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not arrested.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liberian Health, known by its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hebret has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Palestinian Palestinian, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also administrated the Gaza French since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting away.
They're multiplying.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels and websites of Internet and social networks.
And here you have the Israeli magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without sand, but through refugee business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals and they put professional training programs or microscope.
Hebret offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan was torn by war or even the beginning of the Israel ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups by providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we only think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give government.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, less we can catch them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrer?
They are dominating a little bit of a territory -- they manage all their functions -- they pick up the garbage, they get the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Islam?
The lines decorated.
We live in a world of states with no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, more intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand a better understanding of armed groups, we will understand what incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and notes, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are versions, but afraid that accepting openly the feminist tag would be unfair for the females.
I'm a feminist female, but pretty bad.
And therefore I kind of harvest me as a bad feminist female.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female, and then in the interviews, people started to call me the Mall.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate production, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist -- these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation. A word taboo and nasty.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of being proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant." Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same powered by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible the antibiotics and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or ethnic doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, and gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to figure out these differences and how we affect us, the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of things.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, listen to rap music painted all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and offered me deeply, the classic San Shanghai of the King Gandhi Twin is amazing.
"Make it reality with your fate shop.
Park, do, move until it hurts the contact."
Think about it.
Puri poetry, isn't it?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the garbage collection, the quality of malaria and machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bachell" and the romantic comedy and I have open fantasies of the fairy fairy stories that are true.
Some of my deliberations are more decorative.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it is his choice, and I'm not who to judge him.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is made up so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
I rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or directly deflected the needs of color women, workers and gay and transgendered -- in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
The next thing is this: As a feminist. I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fed feminist in a pedestrian.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we are decided, we would take them up with a lot like the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a mess. I'm a disaster -- I think about that pedestrian before you're trying to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be tagged as females.
You're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to accomplish with the little expectations of realistic.
Take a look at Beijing, or like I call it, God.
In the last few years it's a decade decade.
In the video Madison Abraham Abrahams, at MIT, I act in front of the word "feminist of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star observed openly the feminism and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time, cultural critics started endless debate if Beijing was or not precisely feminist either.
They captured their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection from the feminist -- because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much constantly a lot.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive criticism to design any women's feminism to break it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point.
But what happens next?
We just went from recognizing our implications to realize, going through action and being a little bit more brave.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we were exploring change affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have their music that will be so painting?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my supply, three and four years old.
They're two magnificent girls, decided and bright, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is similar as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a sports -- it goes the Treatment game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a bomb safety.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual may say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number enough of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people."
Those of us who are suffering but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome.
Because we are not more personal people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the power of director and film producers and music, CEO, legislation, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim with courage our feminism -- well, bad, or any day.
The last line of my book "The "The "The "The Bad Female, says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminism helped me remember it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started believing it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I came back to write with it.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave -- another woman could hear and see me that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other one, I hold the humiliation that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit brave, when it takes a bit more valuable.
Just after Christmas, last year, 133 children in California, they had measles for having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, including over 100 children in Paul.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a targeted immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved at the Disognes outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse. autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that gave the policy on autism and developed vaccines, decoded and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journalism?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The little psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it created all your professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started to shoot down.
Funding organizations like Australia Spans are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic as if I could get out of another child in Disnengeline.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Atlanta, what is going on, tend to be based on phrases like "really discontinulated diagnostic criticisms, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of distributed the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son.
If the diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1950s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and categories of science than the sex power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kansa, from John Hopkins Hospital. In 1942, Kanni published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds -- none of the people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by shaking their hands up to their faces, but they were a pressure of the panic for a manual as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanni speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority in the world in the subject, I declared that I'd seen less than 150 real cases of its syndrome while collecting reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not of stranger, because the Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I agreed to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
He was born that he had turned nine out of 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanni was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
I classified autism as a form of childhood psychologists caused by cold parents and decorations.
These kids, he said, have remained carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanga noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are surviving in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beetlen."
But Kanni had a bad opinion of these skills, by adding things like the kids were simply reporting what they had heard of their periodic parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that the researchers started testing the theory of Kansas, that autism was weird.
Lord Wiewer, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the mother of the mother of Kansa was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Louis and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without security services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague, Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years earlier.
They did a study of autism in the general population.
They had a suburbs of London called Cambodia to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination for astrophysicist, in dinosaurs or in the genocide of reality.
Another way, these kids didn't fit in the nice, advanced pictures, as Judy said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been aware of these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the year next to the Kanti article. And then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansas, I knew about this article of competition, but I avoided shortly to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who led a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Asperger's ideas to teach children with learning differences were even properly for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with expectations with music, and kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support and spaces for the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Aliscovio called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in development methods of education that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Asian saw autism as a diverse continuum that took an amazing variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even saying, that for success in science and art, a fish of autism is essential.
Louis and Judy found that Kanni was wrong in which autism was accurate, so the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychology to extend the criteria of the diagnostic that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes entered big, replacing the limited model of Kansas by a wide and inclusion of Aliscovie.
These changes didn't fall in a broken seat.
Similarly, when Lord and Judith worked between battles to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out of "Rand Man" in 1988, just a little circle, embodied by experts knew what the autism, but after the income of Rand Handoil, like Radam Babbage and the recognition of "Range Man: With four awards of Academy, pediatrists, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of "Range Man," the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to evaluate, just like Lord and Judy, actually expected it to be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that deserve them.
And so Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines by increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, student story as bad as the Kansas theory that autism was unconscious.
If the current estimate of the prevention of the prevention that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by new medical breakthroughs by taking the term neuroscientist to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distinctive, obviously, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
But the autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers, entrepreneurs with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zoo Zachos once said, "We need all the hands in cover to increase the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste no brain.
Thank you.
